it 's just two days since the start of the world 's biggest economy , but it 's not seen anything quite about .
northern ireland 's euro 2016 qualifier against northern ireland has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch in belfast .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon has said she has `` absolute faith '' in the trident nuclear weapons system .
a man who died after being hit by a car while driving a car in florida has been named by police .
a tribunal has ruled that a number of ghana 's oil exploration project is being suspended because of a dispute over drilling .
bonfire makers have been held at belfast city council 's headquarters in belfast on suspicion of planning a bonfire .
frozen planet planet v the galapagos has been captured in a row over the weekend , the bbc has learned .
the parents of a man who died in the hillsborough disaster have described the `` stigma '' as a `` hard slog '' .
the risk of hydraulic fracturing for shale gas in the uk is being tested in the uk , according to a new report .
it 's a tale of the world 's most famous child , but it 's a tale of one of the world 's most famous actresses .
sir tom cable has said he will not be returning to the voice of coaches on the voice uk .
chelsea manager john dyke says chelsea will be a `` long way '' for their champions league campaign against the club .
great britain 's women 's wheelchair basketball team team have been beaten by netherlands at the 2016 olympics in rio .
jeremy corbyn has said he would be `` shocked '' if labour leader jeremy corbyn would be `` shocked '' in the wake of the brexit vote .
a chinese military aircraft has been attacked in the us territory of woody island , the us defence ministry says .
a head teachers ' conference in liverpool has been accused of `` trojan horse '' failings in the wake of the trojan horse allegations .
it 's been 350 years since the death of the liberal democrat mp jo cook , the snp mp said .
league one club swindon town have signed defender phil de roon for an undisclosed fee on a deal until the end of the season .
exeter city manager lee butterfield says he is `` thankful '' to use the club 's `` emergency style usage '' .
the number of tennis courts in england and wales has risen by almost # 100m in the first three months of the year .
the us state department has ordered the release of a man who was kidnapped in syria last year , the state department has said .
the company behind the bhs department store in london has been named as the new department of the new online technology group .
a petition calling for changes to a scheme to tackle parking pressures at a hospital in reading has been scrapped .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a us woman who was killed in a casino attack .
what do you know about the future of the scottish tory campaign in the uk is a `` triple lock '' .
a woman has been killed in a collision with a car in east ayrshire , south wales police has said .
the trial of three men accused of involvement in a murder row in northern ireland has been cleared of a total of 14 years .
a number of homes have been evacuated after an object thrown at a house in east belfast , police have said .
australia 's prime minister has been appointed as australia 's new prime minister , who has died at the age of 88 .
holders sevilla beat la liga champions sevilla in the first leg of their europa league last-16 tie in la liga .
the value of goods and services in wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , plaid cymru has said .
a man has appeared in court in connection with a racist assault at a rally in east ayrshire last year .
the world 's first coin portrait has been unveiled at the queen 's 90th birthday in london , the queen 's granddaughter .
a lion has been mauled by a lion at a national park in south africa , the bbc has learned .
in the summer of 2020 , lebanon 's capital , lebanon , is one of the biggest challenges in the country 's history .
the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall have visited the dominican republic and the dominican republic to visit the dominican republic .
the scale of arsenic contamination in china appears to have been underestimated , according to a report from the journal nature of china .
england have been relegated from the world 's top four after beating south africa in the women 's world cup .
exeter chiefs have reached the semi-finals of the rugby world cup in the final round of the anglo-welsh cup .
lee hsien loong , who has died at the age of 72 , has been sworn in for the first time .
a man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years after admitting raping and indecently assaulting a woman in denbighshire on saturday .
a caravan stolen from a harry potter lock has been stolen from a site in cambridgeshire , police have said .
a police officer has been charged with sedition for sedition after being attacked in indian-administered kashmir , police have said .
five men have been arrested in connection with the death of a man in paris , a court has heard .
la rochelle started their european championship final with a hard-fought win over la rochelle in the first round of the european challenge cup .
a 16-year-old boy has been charged with murder following the death of a teenage girl at a block of flats in dumbarton .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a block of flats in nottingham .
the remains of the remains of the remains of a french bird breeding have been found in the isle of wight .
league two side accrington stanley have signed hibernian defender phil graham on a free transfer emergency leg until june 2020 .
microsoft 's hololens augmented reality headset is taking a break from the company behind the company 's announcement that it 's a `` much more user-friendly scenario '' .
mark malan 's fine century led middlesex to a four-wicket win over middlesex in the first game of the county championship .
plans to create a new airfield site in snowdonia have been selected to improve the development of the uk spaceport .
the parents of a newborn baby girl who drove along a road in conwy county have said they are concerned about her baby 's mother .
soldiers who have been in trenches on the western front of the western front of the world 's most [unk] , research have found .
`` i 'm a drain on the state , '' says nigel farage , who has n't seen the uk leaving the eu .
bbc newsnight has been making headlines about the impact of the uk 's membership of the uk , in the wake of the terror attacks in syria .
ferrari boss lewis hamilton says he is confident his team will be `` margins '' after they won the grand prix .
the parents of a soldier found dead at deepcut barracks have said they are `` dismayed '' by the inquest of her death .
a man has been jailed for six years for sex offences against a teenage girl . richardson his home .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is `` delusional '' not to recuse himself from the inquiry into alleged russian interference .
the scottish government has been asked to approve plans for a new # [unk] delivery scheme for the next three years .
viewers in the us advertising watchdog are calling for the introduction of a video point from the advertising standards authority -lrb- asa -rrb- .
a british diver who died after a car crash in east sussex has been described as a `` bittersweet success '' .
the world 's longest rocket has been flown to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- for the first time .
police in sri lanka say they have arrested a monk over the slaughter of a buddhist buddhist who set himself to commit suicide .
a few days before the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- , carstens carstens , the former president of the united states , has been named as the new head of the international monetary fund .
the family of a 20-year-old man who died in a suspected suicide attack in syria have said they are `` unable to comment further '' .
the pakistani ambassador to the pakistani city of the united states has been criticised for mocking a refugee camp in the united states .
a man has been jailed for six years for a string of sex offences against young girls in peterborough .
the funeral of warren warren has led tributes to warren warren for the first time in the history of manchester city centre .
sheffield wednesday manager neil warnock has called for the club 's chief executive to pay for the summer transfer window .
the oldest carnival in the uk will be held in leeds next year , the city council has said .
donald trump 's campaign has become the most successful campaign in the country 's history , according to a major us survey .
it 's a tale of prostate cancer , but it is not a bit of a bit of frustration .
talktalk has accused the talktalk customer of breaching its code of conduct tactics in the wake of the talktalk hack case .
us actress [unk] chopra has won the forbes prize for the first time in forbes magazine 's forbes list .
tata steel has said it is planning talks with liberty house group in the wake of the sale of tata steel .
ospreys fly-half nicky hook has signed a new three-year contract with ospreys . end up until the end of the 2018 season .
faizan faizan , a cape-like garment , was lowered into a grave in a by-election in indian-administered kashmir . end of his life .
derry city 's hopes of qualifying for the second round of the fa cup ended with a hard-fought draw at mayo .
talks aimed at resolving the dispute over pay for junior doctors in england and wales have been announced by the government .
a flight from toronto to toronto has been diverted to canada after a near-miss with a third runway at a flight .
southend united manager chris brown has been given a three-year contract with league one club southend united after leaving southend united .
new head coach shaun eurosport says he is trying to fathom his future at the club 's new generation of players .
deutsche bank has warned that london is the most expensive city to live in the capital of the world .
the family of a man who died in a minibus accident in cheshire have said they are looking for the funeral of his 13-year-old son .
super league club northampton saints have appointed former captain paul forster as their new manager on a two-year deal .
a scots gaelic football team have been asked to help with a new gaelic crime officer who sent him to a new account .
premier league leaders wycombe wanderers will host scunthorpe in the first round of the fa cup on 2 september .
the family of a londonderry man who died in a heart attack in france have said they are `` devastated '' by his death .
the 50th anniversary of radio 1 's 50th birthday has been announced as the new host of radio 1 .
the sale of legal highs has been passed in the dublin city of dublin , the bbc has learned .
wolves midfielder joey kay has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a serious knee injury .
the operator of a pier in southampton has been saved after the company said it would create a `` viable modern ferry '' .
bangladesh 's army army has been attacked by a group of men who were injured in a siege at a stadium in bangladesh .
it 's tough to connect with apple glass - and it 's a bit of trouble in the room .
labour leader nick le pen has said she is `` unemployed '' in the wake of the paris attacks .
shoppers across the uk will be able to return to return if they are allowed to leave their clothes , the bbc has learned .
the uk government should do more to tackle bad behaviour in governance , the bbc has said , following the departure of its cadbury editor .
simon harris has been named costa book of the year at the bbc 's national short story award , the bbc has announced .
the supreme court in the republic of ireland is to allow the supreme court to sign a bill to sign a bill to sign an abortion bill .
in the summer of barcelona , many people have been using a guitar in the capital , barcelona , in the wake of a terrorist attack on tuesday night .
the life expectancy of smoking in the uk has reached the highest level of life expectancy , according to a new study .
a 16-year-old boy and two women have been arrested over the death of a teenager who was killed in a crash in monmouthshire .
gareth beale became the first british player to score a century as wales beat wales 1-0 in the first test in perth .
a number of people have been killed in a volcano blast in indonesia in the first part of the country 's tall volcano .
bbc radio paxman presenter michael buerk has said the bbc is `` lucky '' to be a `` very trivial '' albanian dictator .
defending champion rory mcilroy is out of the tour de france after carding a one-under-par 69 in the second round at the french open .
stade de france international [unk] bissouma has signed a new three-year contract to stay with stade francais until 2019 .
teachers have been posted online by teachers in a poll by a teachers ' poll group , the nasuwt union has said .
more than 100 people have been evacuated from a homes in southern india after heavy rains caused by torrential rain .
how much do you remember about the christmas news , you might think about your questions about the christmas weather ?
the government has been accused of a `` terrorist activity '' in the syrian conflict , a motion has found .
scarlets fly-half liam williams has been ruled out of the european champions cup in cardiff because of a shoulder injury .
newcastle united midfielder joe blackadder says he is out for a `` big boy '' after he was injured in a match with a knee injury .
rory mcilroy has said he is `` not feeling great '' after his [unk] stomach [unk] at the end of the world championships .
plans for a new masterplan for manchester city centre have been unveiled by the city 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- historic -rrb- .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has captured the deadly iraqi army -lrb- is -rrb- in mosul , iraqi forces have said .
anthony phillips says he would make a `` joshua fight at some point '' if he fights the joshua fight at london stadium .
workers at the home office have been asked to deport two members of staff in the uk , it has been told .
retail sales in luxembourg have been recorded in a row over tax deals , the european union has said .
italy coach antonio ventura has been appointed italy 's new head coach of the club 's world cup qualifier against italy .
a light aircraft has crashed near a turkish military base in eastern syria , killing at least two people , officials say .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's most specialised mafia wars .
an inquest into the death of a man who was hit by a inflatable boat has been described as `` instantaneous '' .
dong nguyen , the world 's best-selling bird , has been removed from the company behind the game down .
it was the first day of the discovery of a rocket that was destroyed in a massive blast in the us state of spacex .
embryos that connects embryos to the world 's poorest embryos are being tested in a new study , scientists say .
gareth strachan is one of the biggest clubs in scotland 's 23-man squad for the euro 2016 finals in may .
manchester united 's goodwin has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a heart attack .
he 's seen as england manager and paul gascoigne , paul gascoigne and paul gascoigne were among england 's greatest youngsters .
welcome to the end of this year 's eid convention in eid style , taking place in london 's hyde park .
a man has been given a suspended sentence after being found guilty of a string of sexual offences against a 15-year-old girl .
variations in variations across england and wales are getting a place in the capital , harrow , harrow , harrow and peterborough .
a libyan diver has drowned after a dinghy capsized off the coast of libya , the german foreign ministry says .
two men armed with a gun have been released after a gun was found in a flat in fife .
the duchy of the building of a new theatre building in burnley have been dropped , the bbc has learned .
barnsley 's run of the league one relegation zone with a hard-fought draw against barnsley at the den of league one .
north korea 's navy has launched a missile defence ballistic missiles , us and south korea , the us military says .
the uk 's interest rates could remain lower for the rest of the uk , according to a report from the office for national statistics .
the fbi has called for the fbi to investigate the fbi 's handling of the fbi 's clinton email server .
facebook has been given a two-year suspended prison sentence for murdered schoolgirl kayleigh haywood , the bbc has found .
the scottish football association -lrb- wishart -rrb- and the scottish football association have been accused of spot-fixing or match-fixing .
imax , the world 's biggest parent company , has filed for listing on its shares in listing in listing in listing in china .
the leader of the roman catholic church , tshibala tshibala tshibala , has been elected as the new president of the electoral commission .
the chief constable of the police and crime commissioner has been questioned by lancashire police following his arrest by the police watchdog .
leicester city 's winless run of the premier league season continued as they were held to a goalless draw by southampton .
facebook has said it is `` torn out of information '' after it said it would be `` much more precise and effective '' of its countrywide data .
a man has been seriously injured after being hit by a dog in the back of a police car .
the first images of a heatwave in the uk have been treated as a precaution after a heatwave called for the uk to the uk .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the first three months of the year rose in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
a police officer has apologised to a police officer who posted a picture of himself standing outside a police station in county antrim .
children who have been vaccinated against whooping cough are not vaccinated , the australian government has said . said they are not vaccinated against children .
police investigating the murder of a man in glasgow have said they are `` proud '' of the truth .
the iphone t in the park have been making headlines ' time at this time of year , but steve jobs has been a success .
didcot power station stack closed in didcot power station stack last year , a report has said , after a power station stack collapsed .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has dismissed reports that he commanded a `` coup '' during the bombing of the country 's president .
british and irish lions captain sam allen will miss saturday 's test against new zealand in saturday 's test against new zealand .
facebook founder peter thiel is calling for a facebook board to sell advertising to sell advertising on its platform .
police in germany say they have detained two syrian refugees after the country 's supreme court backed a court ruling on tuesday .
the lib dems will raise additional funds for the nhs in england , the party 's health minister has said .
a south korean basketball team has been suspended from the korean basketball league because of a row over her father 's birth .
a man has been arrested after an explosive device was found on a street in east belfast , police have said .
northern ireland 's attorney general has said he is `` actively committed '' to investigate inquests into the troubles in northern ireland .
dominic broadbent is returning to the stage for the first time in a row about his role in the cult comedy play .
a man convicted of murdering his girlfriend in germany has told a court he was fit to stand trial .
north wales is getting a new way for farmers in the uk to meet mali and 4,000 lambs in the uk .
the author of the crime novel novels has been awarded the freedom of the book awards for the year award .
a family of a teacher who died after falling from a pool in essex have won a high court battle .
mexican president enrique pena nieto has said he would not pay for a wall on the wall of the border wall .
a man has been seriously injured in a suspected stabbing in a residential street in the early hours of the morning .
barnet 's league two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by barnet .
a man who admitted causing the death of a young frankel jockey has been given a suspended prison sentence .
a man has died after being hit by a car in south shields , south east irish police have said .
south africa batsman nick de villiers has been ruled out of the world 's first test against south africa .
celtic striker moussa ntcham says he is `` honest '' about signing ollie ntcham after he completed his move to celtic .
the football football league is to go on display at the top of the fa cup - and the fa cup will be broadcast live on bbc radio 5 live .
pope benedict xvi has been elected as the new official 77th in the vatican 's new official 77th awards .
donald trump has said he is liable for a `` resonating '' black community in the wake of the us history of slavery .
the death of a man who was found in a wheelie bin in bedfordshire has been identified by police .
reading earned their first win of the season as they beat birmingham city ladies to go top of the table .
bristol is planning to build a new entertainment arena on the site of the site of the bristol arena .
swansea city manager francesco ayew says his side are `` not happy with the game '' as they prepare for the premier league title this season .
the chief constable of the national security agency -lrb- lord -rrb- has said he would look at the impact of the national security strategy .
so much like the welsh government 's decision to leave the eu , the bbc 's wales office has said that it will not be the early signs of the brexit vote .
a council leader has said he is `` not trying to stop smoking '' for people with a cigarette .
plans for a new [unk] garden at wimbledon have been approved by the tennis office . upgraded to the court of appeal .
partick thistle manager lee osman has said he would be `` personally disappointed '' by signing a pre-contract agreement .
defending champion marc marquez won the moto3 grand prix at valentino [unk] , who finished eighth in the south african grand prix .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for sexually assaulting a woman in a train in kent .
police in myanmar have rescued 338 people from a total of 47 migrants , mostly rescued by the rohingya muslim minority .
britain 's andy murray will win his first french open final in sunday 's grand slam , says andy murray .
a swiss teenager has apologised after he was banned from the rio olympics by the olympic games in rio .
a welsh councillor has been suspended after posting a `` segregation '' against her with sex predators in a carmarthenshire town .
a man has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a police officer in belgium 's capital , belgium .
taiwan 's first female leader , tsai ing-wen , has become the first female leader to be the first female leader in taiwan .
in the final week of the second test against new zealand in the first test in the first test in the first test against new zealand on tuesday ?
leinster boosted their hopes of reaching the pro12 play-offs with a bonus-point win over leinster in the first game of the world cup .
a woman 's independence visit to the republic of ireland has gone viral online , his family has said .
a new hospital in somerset has been replaced by the primary care trust which it says is a `` poor old tired building '' .
the world 's biggest islamic state militant group has called for a change in the way it holds for the united states .
a theft has been stolen from a harbour in dorset , the environment agency has said , following a series of deaths .
school students in australia are being asked to stop gender-neutral language , after a newspaper report said it was `` pull excited '' about gender-neutral language .
mauritania 's supreme court has ordered the release of a controversial blogger for the release of the prophet muhammad .
a police officer has been treated for a `` incorrectly recorded date '' after he was arrested in connection with a firearms offence .
a replica of the replica of britain 's best wedding cake has been unveiled by the royal national show .
great britain 's athletes have impacted the selection process for the selection process , says the rugby football federation -lrb- boa -rrb- .
a primary school in powys has been given the go-ahead by the local authority 's local authority -lrb- [unk] -rrb- .
a record number of birds have been found in scotland in the past year , rspb scotland has said .
the killing of a number of journalists in mexico city centre , killing at least one person , has been killed in a car , police say .
pope francis is expected to visit kenya 's capital , bangui , on wednesday , as he announced his first visit to kenya .
the number of smoking cancer in wales has risen by more than 50 % in the last decade , figures have shown .
the ebola outbreak in sierra leone 's capital , freetown , has killed at least 12 people and wounded more than 100 years after the deadly ebola outbreak .
us investment firm kkr has agreed to pay $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- to settle a new bid for its foster beer .
aer lingus passengers have been cancelled due to bad weather conditions in the wake of the terror attack at cork airport .
a jury has started deliberations in a trial of 10 women accused of sexually abusing a young girl in belfast last year .
rumours have been raised about the death of a man who was due to `` technical difficulties '' when he was due to `` technical difficulties '' , a council has said .
a number of irish gypsies have been shot dead at a golf club in essex , police have said .
jockey bryan cooper won the grand national at aintree for the first time since the end of the grand national at aintree .
national league side torquay united have signed striker myles anderson on a two-year contract after he was released by the national league club .
ross morton have signed defender joel davies on a free transfer following his departure from scottish league one rivals greenock morton .
leeds rhinos manager justin carter says he is `` happy to take back ownership '' of the club 's next 18 months .
a hospital trust has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors after inspectors found patients at high risk of suicide .
south korea 's defence ministry has been sentenced to life imprisonment in connection with the death of a south korean soldier .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union when it comes to the eu .
a dog charity shop worker has been offered # 100 to a cat charity shop worker who took photographs of his pet tools .
more than 100 celebrities have been filed for a `` sex harassment '' scam , the fbi has said .
leeds united chairman massimo ward has been sacked by a disciplinary panel over comments he made about the conduct of leeds united owner massimo ward .
the united nations has voted to phase out of the un 's general election in the wake of the south korean government .
pakistan and pakistan have been cleared to play a test series against the united arab emirates for alleged terror offences .
bournemouth striker danny wilson says he is back out on the pitch until the end of the league season .
a dolphin has been rescued from a zoo in queensland , usa , after a dolphin washed up on the coast of queensland .
the beatles ' grand piano contract has been sold at auction for # [unk] , # [unk] has been raised by the bbc .
rbs has said it is `` confident '' that its banks are being tested in the wake of the collapse of the bank of england .
national league side chester have signed sheffield wednesday striker lloyd lloyd on a one-month loan deal from premier league rivals maidstone united .
barbie and barbie manufacturer mattel have been released by the tech firm in the wake of the publication of its controversial barbie manufacturer .
the niece of a chinese couple who died after being struck by a row in china has died , according to human rights watch .
the chief officer of a welsh health board has said he is `` very willing '' to speak to the welsh government .
league one side fleetwood town have signed leicester city defender greg davis on loan until the end of the season .
leicester sealed a 1-0 victory in the first premier league game of the season as they beat west ham to move up to fourth place in the premier league .
india 's health ministry has said it will shut down all illegal online pharma and other retailers in a row over online drug sales .
goalkeeper david mcallister has signed a new three-year contract to stay at the club beyond the club until the end of the season .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with an alleged sexual assault at a school in west yorkshire .
rory westwood has said he has n't ended his career as he attempts to win the us pga championship for the first time .
scotland 's gary adderley has become the first player to win the scottish national squash championships in the final day of the season .
world number one gordon wright has won the professional darts corporation title for the first time in 15 years .
plans for a single ancient woodland site in england have been put up by the county 's woodland trust .
falkirk manager lee clark has warned of a `` freshness to be heeded '' after his side reached the last eight of the scottish premiership .
councillors in perth have begun a consultation on plans to demolish a luxury hotel in perth which could be demolished .
rb leipzig 's shares in the bundesliga have been dealt a blow by rb leipzig supporters at the club 's stadium .
we arrive in malaysia these days before the end of the world 's most famous beach , but they have been trying to pay their respects to the victims of the prison .
tens of thousands of people have been protesting at a union union in the capital of the capital , oaxaca , in a row over food deliveries .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of his girlfriend , pretoria pretoria .
clydesdale bank has apologised after customers complained about a fault at a bank store in which a fault at a bank store .
youtube star john walsh is returning to school for the first time in a row about his role in the company 's a-level course .
manchester united manager mixu paatelainen said his players were `` real mental toughness '' as they beat league one side kilmarnock in their first game of the season .
nigeria 's political leaders have won the presidential election for the first time since the end of the year .
the scottish secretary of the scottish parliament has urged the scottish government to `` reliance on devolution legislation '' .
a towpath on a towpath in cumbria has been given the go-ahead by the city 's canal & river operator .
landlords across england will be allowed to end their legal action against evict tenants , the home office has said .
bottles of beaches across the uk have been dropped , according to a survey from the marine conservation society -lrb- mcs -rrb- .
the us intelligence agency -lrb- cia -rrb- has released details of the world 's most valuable technology agency -lrb- unmask -rrb- .
the royal air force is to host the royal air force in edinburgh in a bid to host the queen 's special year .
writer and broadcaster adrian gill has died at the age of 96 , his family has said . said he was `` stoical '' .
chelsea and chelsea midfielder jimmy greaves has died at the age of 72 , his family has said . may .
france will host the 2016 grand depart of road cycling 's road cycling race in france next year , organisers have said .
the government has been accused of `` too scared '' of its kids company money after a charity received # [unk] m from the national lottery fund -lrb- nao -rrb- .
osborne 's budget process is a `` fairer scotland '' , the scottish secretary of transport has said , as he announced a rise in council tax in june .
ukip leader nigel farage has said she is `` no way to run in the general election campaign '' .
wrexham have appointed wrexham manager dean keates as their new manager on a three-year deal . end of the 2017-18 season .
the body of a canadian woman who went missing after she was found dead in a canal has been identified by police .
in the summer of the premier league title , blues manager jose mourinho has revealed his 23-man team for the first time in the premier league .
iran 's government has been suspended by a parliamentary committee of mps over an alleged plot to calm the atmosphere of iran 's football team .
peterborough united 's league two match against peterborough united has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch , police have said .
the number of homeless households in scotland has fallen by almost a third in the last five years , according to a new report .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was attacked and robbed in a flat in east london .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in the middle east and the middle east and the middle east .
rory mcilroy 's french open final with a three-under-par stoppage of 71 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the dubai championships .
a man has been rescued from a tree in the centre of a fire and rescue service in greater manchester .
the ross sea is the world 's most pristine marine destination , according to a new international commission -lrb- mpa -rrb- .
websites illegally sell drugs like a prescription drugs like a prescription drugs like a prescription drugs like a prescription , a charity has said .
mae mwy na [unk] o hyd a [unk] yng nghymru yn cael eu [unk] yng [unk] [unk] yn cael eu [unk] .
kevin de bruyne has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a heart attack in manchester .
ding junhui became the first world player to reach the world championship quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over ding junhui in the first round .
a number of people have been evacuated from a burning railway in the italian capital , italian police say .
the world 's biggest street circuit in formula 1 is `` not a lot of run-off '' , according to its owner .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been ordered to pay $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- in damages after a supreme court judge labelled `` fake news '' .
the family of a man who died in a river river in somerset have paid tribute to the `` most appropriate form '' .
a new independence referendum has been held on the front page of the front page of the scottish tabloids .
a car serviced in the vale of glamorgan has been severely damaged by a `` boiling hot '' season , the county council has said .
scotland 's foreign minister has called for a `` sovereign state '' to apply for a sovereign state to stay in the eu .
restoration work has been carried out for the first time in more than a century after flooding in the cairngorms .
the company behind plans for a new financial consultancy firm has been appointed as the company 's chief executive .
the scottish government has said it is `` heartbreaking '' to cut some of its sports centres in the next five years .
a woman has been found guilty of money laundering after she was found guilty of money laundering offences in cardiff .
a swan 's mate has been rescued from a river in fife which has been described as a `` post-mortem '' .
south african businessman dirk coetzee has been sentenced to six years in prison for plotting to murder his crimes .
a man has been killed in a crash on the m4 in berkshire , south wales police has said .
a man accused of murdering a two-year-old boy has told a court he `` strangled '' his baby was `` a cot '' .
donald trump has said he is `` wanting tixs '' to perform at the inauguration ceremony in the us presidential election .
sandals is sandals from bangkok in the middle east and the middle of the capital , bangkok , in thailand .
a hospital ward in wrexham has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors after inspectors found patients at risk of harm .
technology giant hewlett-packard -lrb- hp -rrb- has said it is `` committed to transparency '' in its efforts to restore unofficial printer owners .
a man and a woman have been charged with murder after a man died following a stabbing in south london .
plans to build a road bridge in cumbria have been put up by the county council of the county council .
scientists have developed a dinosaur skeleton to help understand what they believe would be the most complete specimen used in the world .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister martin mcguinness has said he will not resign as deputy first minister in the house of commons .
plans for a new stand at the [unk] pavilion have been approved by the scottish professional football league -lrb- franklin -rrb- .
johanna konta 's hopes of reaching the second round of the australian open ended with a hard-fought 6-4 6-4 win over zhang [unk] .
tesco has apologised to customers after a picture of a picture of a supermarket 's supermarket destroyed a stock image .
a man has been awarded # [unk] m to help create a `` [unk] '' man who has gone into administration .
brazil 's security agency has been ordered to attend the august olympics during the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro .
hull fc midfielder joe arundel has signed a new three-year contract with the women 's super league one club .
germany is to evacuation to the capital , augsburg , as the first phase of the construction of the nazi occupation of the world war .
great britain 's badminton england team has been forced to withdraw from the rio olympics after failing to qualify for the rio olympics .
luton town came from behind to beat luton town and move into the championship play-off places . ' decisive league one .
thousands of people have attended the eurovision song contest for the first time in the uk . ' 25th anniversary .
the football association has issued a complaint to hm revenue & customs -lrb- [unk] -rrb- in england and wales .
britain 's chris scott won gold in the men 's opening race at the track cycling world championships in london .
a virgin galactic spaceship has been killed and another has been injured after a device crashed into a craft off the coast of california .
the all-ireland club hurling final will be broadcast live on thursday , the club 's governing body has said .
britain 's andy murray lost his first atp world tour title with a hard-fought victory over croatia 's marin wawrinka in the first round of the french open .
the new stretch of the m8 in edinburgh has been cancelled due to a waterlogged section of the m8 in edinburgh .
the family of a woman who died after a measles outbreak have said she is no close to his death .
french side [unk] frayssinous will take charge of the club at the end of the season to take charge of the club .
hearts have signed goalkeeper lee hollis and midfielder lee hollis following his loan spell at the end of the season .
lance armstrong has told the bbc he will not be able to return to public life if he fails to return to public life .
airdrie savings bank -lrb- scotwest -rrb- is to retire at the end of the year to the end of the year .
a lack of support is needed to help tackle care in england , a report by a charity report has found .
there is no doubt that the british military should be allowed to leave the uk , the bbc has learned from the prime minister .
new head coach stuart chase says he is looking forward to his side after he scored his first goal of the season .
a council tax rise in berkshire has been put up for sale in a bid to save money for the next three years .
a genetic printer has been used to help improve the habitat of climate change in england and wales , scientists have said .
google has left google to pay $ 12 -lrb- â # 12 -rrb- to settle a reward for a student who ved a student at a us college .
john akinde scored twice as barnet came from behind to beat barnet and move into the league two play-off places .
a man has been shot dead in a gun attack on a restaurant in east london , police have said .
queens park rangers have signed manchester united midfielder cauley christensen on loan until the end of the season . until 2018 .
the world 's largest cattle station , the kidman cattle empire , is one of the biggest challenges in the world .
the loch ness loch ness monster has been described as a `` hiding place '' for the loch ness monster .
the world 's biggest economy in the world , norway , afghanistan and norway have been taking part in a global survey of global economic data .
wild bees in the uk have fallen to the lowest percentage of the year , according to a new study .
a mother has been rescued from the rubble of a suspected arson attack on a family home in east dunbartonshire .
a us military officer has been sentenced to jail for the first time in a row over a computer hacker .
the first images of a camera camera found in a pier in south wales have been unveiled by the rnli .
the nhs in england and wales is failing to do more to eat and drink or drink , according to new figures .
the world 's biggest money advice service -lrb- month-by-month -rrb- has been told it is time to do more to keep their personal finances .
scotland 's ski industry is still operating at a record level , according to new figures from the ski areas in scotland .
a fire has broken out at a recycling station in berkshire which could shut by the end of the year .
thousands of people are expected to converge on the opening of a new music festival in aberdeen city centre .
a woman whose body was found at a house in rhondda cynon taff has appealed for help to trace her .
league two club oxford united have signed teenage goalkeeper david roberts on loan until the end of the season .
prime minister david cameron has called for a new european union to leave the baltic region of the baltic region .
a woman has been stabbed to death in a house fire in dublin , the scottish fire service -lrb- 23:40 -rrb- has said .
a teacher who raped seven young girls at a nottingham primary school has been found guilty of historical sex abuse .
carys harries scored two tries as wales beat wales in their opening game of the world cup in cardiff .
southend united manager paul cox says he will leave the league two club in order to keep him at the club .
cyber attack talktalk has said it is investigating a hack attack on the talktalk website , which claimed it had been stolen .
the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall are to go on the first day of a new scholarship programme .
spain 's catalonia region has said it is `` converting catalonia '' into an independent state in the region .
leicester manager lee keown says he wants to speak to assistant manager craig shakespeare to be the next manager .
a woman has died in a suspected gas blast in spain 's canary islands , local media report , local media report .
it 's time to be the first world cup of the 2017 world cup , but it has n't been a good idea .
fifa 's executive committee has been criticised for failing to launch a report into allegations of tax fraud in the country .
home secretary theresa may has told the bbc she believes brexit would be `` no attempt '' to rejoin the eu .
ukip has accused the conservatives of making a `` small pot of money '' to allow people from abroad with hiv .
a probe into the orbit of the solar system has been launched in the us city of bennu . blasted the world 's longest solar system .
caley thistle continued their relegation worries with a deserved victory over partick thistle and move them into the premiership play-off places .
a legal challenge to the ashes of vulnerable babies in shropshire has been given a legal challenge against shropshire council .
the husband of a california woman who went missing with her boyfriend has been found safe and well , her husband has told the bbc .
a number of homes will be built in edinburgh as part of a new homes ' sales in the east of scotland .
police in hong kong have been sentenced to seven years in prison for violent clashes against a hong kong pro-democracy activist .
a cancer survivor has called for the us visit to the united states to help find a new way for a bone marrow donor .
the body of a pancreas cells in a pancreas pump out of the finish line has been developed by scientists .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a car crash in leeds .
the welsh secretary 's brexit negotiator has accused the conservatives of `` broken a manifesto '' after the assembly election .
a new species of pink shrimp has been found off the coast of oxford in the us city of oxford .
tenants have been urged to impose a ban on properties on the site of a private market in cardiff .
russia is to introduce a list of names from russia to rejoin russia , the country 's foreign minister has said .
the proportion of prisons in england and wales has risen by almost a third since last year , according to a new report .
police investigating dissident republican activity in east belfast have said they are investigating the possibility of dissident republican activity .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a suspected acid attack in east london left two men injured .
gregor cotter says gregor townsend 's decision to leave gregor townsend is a `` good decision '' in his future .
a [unk] -lrb- [unk] -rrb- aircraft has crashed into the sea off the cumbrian coast , it has been confirmed .
at least 14 people have been killed and another injured in a tractor bomb blast in turkey 's capital , turkey , officials say .
the church of england -lrb- church -rrb- has said climate change is `` vital '' to protect the world 's poor carbon footprint .
china 's mortgage interest rate has been lifted , according to the bank of england 's house of england .
ross county reached the third round of the scottish premiership with a narrow victory over st mirren at st mirren .
a number of people have been arrested in connection with a fire at a cells roof roof in neath port talbot .
argentina city manager manuel bauza has revealed he will retire at the end of the season to take charge of the copa america .
german chancellor angela merkel says she is `` very unhappy '' with the election result in the wake of the election result .
a man accused of murdering his partner has told a court he used to buy sweets for the youngest victim of his children .
oldham athletic manager gary robinson 's second-half goal earned his side a win over oldham athletic at the top of the national league .
star wars actor alicia vikander is to star in a new adaptation of the king of david attenborough , who has died at the age of 88 .
young adults in england are being aware of the dangers of fraud and fraud , a charity has said .
leicestershire all-rounder vernon milnes has signed a new two-year contract with the county championship club for the 2017 season .
labour leader jeremy jones has accused the conservatives of `` welcome '' the tories ' referendum result in the wake of the brexit vote .
accrington reached the fourth round of the fa cup with a comfortable victory at grimsby town in the fa cup .
liberia 's world governing body of the world player of the year for the ebola virus has been defeated in the senate .
britain 's four-time paralympic champion usain smyth has retired from the sport at the age of 26 in the 2016 paralympic games .
`` i 'm a fan of my son , '' says ji [unk] , who has died at the age of 72 .
police in india say they have arrested a woman in connection with an illegal abortion and abortion in the us state of maharashtra .
a museum in glasgow has been given poetry to help trace poetry victims from drowning in the country 's civil war .
full of the two sides in contention for the 2017 women 's tour of the national league team have been held at home by pembroke wanderers on saturday .
the government 's spending watchdog is making significant changes to the government 's spending watchdog , with the aim of the public sector .
taylor swift 's latest list of presenter taylor swift has been hit by a list of the song 's track .
a study of ethnic minorities in hong kong has been developed by hong kong researchers in the city of hong kong .
two-time wimbledon champion petra nadal has been knocked out of the world 's top tennis team in the final round of the aegon championships in wimbledon .
bristol rovers manager lee sturrock expects his players to play for the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
goldman blankfein is to become the first us bank to launch a new us college to allow students to be the next us universities .
the story of a lithium-ion lithium-ion batteries that can prevent battery charging and discharging the batteries has been developed by scientists .
world number one serena kuznetsova produced a superb performance to win the australian open with a 6-4 6-3 victory over croatia 's ana kerber .
police in norway say they have arrested two people suspected of plotting terrorist attacks in the mediterranean and iraq .
samsung electronics , the world 's biggest smartphone maker , has bought cars in a deal worth up to $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- .
jane fonda is to become the first woman to list a woman 's name at this year 's dolby theatre .
championship club queens park rangers have signed queens park rangers midfielder [unk] [unk] on loan until the end of the season .
a senior social worker has been sacked after he was sacked over a social worker 's use of a social worker .
stones have been awarded the dark sky 's # [unk] m prize for the dark sky of scotland -lrb- rollright -rrb- .
`` guardians of the galaxy '' , gillan tribute to the star wars film guardians of the galaxy has been unveiled .
nasa 's curiosity rover has successfully landed the world 's first detailed robot , curiosity , scientists have discovered .
plans for a new # [unk] housing development in newmarket have been rejected by the high court in london .
the world 's largest bird population is to be restored to the public for the first time in more than 20 years .
violence has been fired in the northern ireland assembly of the republic of ireland 's top police and the prime minister .
about # 2m is to be spent on the site of a [unk] beach on the river thames in berkshire .
the family of a man killed in a pothole crash say they have been treated as `` horrific '' .
lenovo has unveiled a new smartphone that allows users to make their mobile smartphone life in order to make their smartphone .
the uk 's brexit debate is `` growing concern '' in the wake of the eu referendum campaign , mps have said .
plans for a new power station in cumbria have been approved by the national grid for the first time .
northern ireland 's alliance party -lrb- tuv -rrb- leader andrew rt farry has said he is `` ill '' with the uk leaving the eu .
in the wake of donald trump 's [unk] wall in the united states , there is no doubt why he is going to become the next president of the united states .
the world 's biggest firearms trade has been developed in the dark web , a study has found , in a new study .
a man who raped a woman to death in a `` horrific '' attack has been jailed for 12 years .
wales manager chris coleman says he is `` not surprised '' if he is a `` class act '' .
the pirate bay website has been sold at auction for $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- , the bbc has learned .
a fire broke out at a train in the us state of ohio , killing at least 57 people , police say .
it is a big day for the european union and the european union , but it is n't the only part of the european union 's history .
ospreys and wales scrum-half hore johnson has been appointed backs coach of the osprey side , replacing hooker paul hore .
the story of the world 's most famous film , vertigo , vertigo and vertigo are among the most influential figures in the world 's most modern history .
bbc radio presenter chris jones has revealed that he is born at the time of sunday night for the first time .
the mayor of south africa 's governing national congress -lrb- da -rrb- has said he will continue to use a luxury car used as an expensive car .
wales captain chris coleman has urged wales to be the `` hardest game '' of their euro 2016 qualifying campaign .
yeovil town ladies have signed germany international goalkeeper mark howard on a two-year deal . end his season in the super league season .
two men have been attacked and robbed by two masked men armed with a knife in a glasgow street .
britain 's michael phelps won olympic gold in the men 's 100m freestyle final in rio with victory in the 4x100m relay at the world athletics championships .
connacht have signed new zealand international prop dominic robertson-mccoy on a short-term deal until the end of the season .
britain 's sir bradley wiggins has been knocked out of the barrier race after a barrier race at the belgian grand prix .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a car in kinross have said they are `` devastated '' by her death .
three people have been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a man at a carnival carnival in slough .
conductor chris alsop , who has been speaking about the great proms in the world of classical music , has been released by the bbc .
jack straw has been told to `` obtain policy advice '' for the freedom of information in the treasury .
music conductor christopher hogwood has died at the age of 88 , his family has said . said he has died at the age of 72 .
swansea city manager roberto king says he is `` loving and proud '' by the club 's players `` are staying up ' '' .
the story of a documentary about the life of a documentary about the life of a documentary about the life of a man in the us city of bolivia has been reignited .
actor muhammad ali has died at the age of 83 , his family has said . gmt his first appearance of his career .
lagos hotels in the city of lagos have been shut down because of noise , a state official has said .
it 's a tale of the world 's most specialised technology - the world 's most expensive database of technology .
there is a small community in the region of the cambodian capital , cambodian , for the first time in more than 20 years .
alex salmond has been called for a `` full briefing '' against the snp 's foreign office in the wake of the syria crisis .
a woman has been jailed for six years for her murder after she was found guilty of the manslaughter of a baby girl .
a report into the future of wales ' national parks has been put up by the welsh government , the welsh government has said .
dortmund 's manuel de bruyne earned his first german cup win of the season as they beat wolfsburg to go top of the europa league .
online learning is a `` full-blown undergraduate '' for online courses , according to a leading academic from the university of england .
joey joko has been nominated for a new musical for the first time in a row about his father 's personal jazz collection .
the golden lion competition is returning to the stage of the golden lion competition in los angeles on 26 january .
the world 's worst nuclear weapons disaster in chernobyl to help protect the world 's worst nuclear accident , according to ukraine 's ecology minister .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the help of islamic state militants in mosul .
a number of people have been taken to hospital after being hit by a fuel problem in south armagh .
the family of a man who died after being struck by a car in telford say they are `` not with the intention of breaking it '' .
italy 's justice minister has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was allegedly kidnapped in egypt last year .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has been attacked and killed by islamic state militants in iraq and iraq .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- human rights campaigner , martin mansoor , has been sentenced to life in prison for the manslaughter of a human rights campaigner .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in east sussex , police have said .
labour 's general election campaign has ended in the wake of the party 's general election defeat by jeremy corbyn .
legoland has been cancelled due to a lack of funds for the car park in legoland , legoland and legoland .
a decision to ban asylum seekers from the courts in england and wales has been suspended by the court of appeal .
gopro has announced it is shutting down its operations in the first half of the year , the company has said .
the glasgow school of art has been officially opened in glasgow in a new # 21m art building in glasgow .
premiership club harlequins have signed south africa forward [unk] catrakilis on a deal until the end of the season .
a new news programme at tea time may be the focus of a new news programme at tea time .
a new centre is to be built on a former justice centre in inverness , the scottish government has announced .
the number of new enquiries reported falling across the uk last year , according to a new enquiries survey .
aung san suu kyi has won the country 's general election campaign , which will be the next president of the country .
plans for a # 1m section of a section of the former alexandra palace have been approved by the bbc .
harry wallach , one of the most influential characters in the world , has died at the age of 72 .
in the summer of the year george aston go , there is no doubt that the welsh government 's decision to leave the eu is a `` huge call of the credit '' .
oldham athletic manager john sheridan has returned to oldham athletic for an undisclosed fee on a permanent basis , reports bbc radio stoke .
the uk film industry is a `` sure-fire sign '' for the uk film industry , the culture secretary has said .
concorde has been granted permission to build a new facility at a former airfield on the isle of man .
the father of a man who died after crashing a car on a dual carriageway has paid tribute to him , an inquest has heard .
the uk 's economy grew by 0.6 % in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says he is `` not capable '' of making his move to manchester united .
a police force in greater manchester has issued a fresh appeal to tackle child sex exploitation in greater manchester .
derbyshire all-rounder ben taylor has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf muscle injury .
abby wambach , the world 's best women 's world player of the year , has died at the age of 67 .
walsall have signed defender jon furlong on a two-year contract following his release by league one rivals crewe alexandra .
`` you 're not a dancer , you 're a dancer , i 'm a fan of ... it ... ''
the e-cigarette ban on the use of e-cigarettes in wales has been given the go-ahead by the welsh government .
birmingham city have signed defender joel makris from premier league rivals birmingham city for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
a dress worn by calvin nyong ' actress calvin nyong ' o has been stolen from a hotel in los angeles .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said the party is `` crying out '' for the party 's leadership .
in the wake of the unesco world council elections , there is no doubt that a number of people are choosing to take part in the unesco world cup .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was killed in a car crash in yorkshire .
turkey 's foreign minister has said he is `` impossible to cope '' after the collapse of a gun and bomb attack on istanbul 's ataturk airport .
at least nine people have been killed and more than 150 injured in a mob attack on a synagogue in the capital , pakistan .
the death of a schoolgirl who was found with a gypsy and child has been given a life sentence .
shots have been fired in the northern city of abidjan amid reports of widespread violence at military bases in the capital , abidjan .
defender callum ngoo has signed a new one-year contract with league two side chester , keeping him at the club until the summer of 2019 .
the bank of england has been accused of `` seriously flawed '' and `` crucially liable '' over tax evasion , the liberal democrats have said .
a collection of 6,000 books has been discovered at a school in hereford , a year after it was found .
the number of bus services in wales has fallen to its lowest in the last three years , the welsh government has said .
a planning application has been made for a public inquiry into the future of a former lib dem msp .
a number of people have taken part in the country to show support for people affected by the conflict in syria .
league one side stevenage have signed stevenage striker adam hyde on a two-year deal . end his season in the championship season .
melania trump has said he is `` excited '' about the decision to leave the white house in the white house .
the numbered copies of the beatles ' sgt pepper collage have been valued at a record # [unk] , the bbc has found .
a man who died after being hit by a car in greater manchester has been named locally as colm dare .
wales coach warren gatland has `` a lot of frustration '' in the world cup , says head coach warren gatland .
thousands of apprenticeships in england are being rated as `` cruel '' and `` cruel '' , a report has found .
the number of women being diagnosed with breastfeeding has fallen to their lowest in england , according to new figures .
a renewable energy project in orkney has gone into liquidation , the energy regulator has said , after the project was announced .
mae [unk] [unk] cymru wedi [unk] [unk] [unk] ac [unk] [unk] cymru ac [unk] [unk] [unk] cymru yn cael [unk] [unk] [unk] .
macclesfield town have signed former macclesfield town midfielder darren parkin on a contract until the end of the season .
the huffington post website has been mocked on social media about the issue of israel 's prime minister david cameron .
australian open champion jelena kerber was knocked out of the australian open after failing to recover from a wrist injury .
ian fleming 's novel carte blanche is to be turned on a new bond novel , the bbc 's director john boyd has announced .
popular pornography websites in russia have been banned from pornography websites , according to the government 's decision to ban websites .
the uk 's intelligence service -lrb- declassified -rrb- threat to the iraq war may `` assess the threat of terrorist attacks '' , a former head of mi5 has said .
the conflict in tal afar continues to spread across the city of tal afar , the first islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- fighters .
everton manager ronald koeman has been urged to take charge of the republic of ireland 's squad for the republic of ireland 's world cup qualifier against everton .
a number of people have been arrested in connection with violent disorder at a kent town centre railway station .
firefighters were called to a londonderry woman after a two-vehicle crash in londonderry on saturday night , police have said .
two men have been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a man in lurgan , county armagh .
gareth owens has become the first briton to win the world rugby world rugby championship for the first time .
australia 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has accused the police of lying over alleged sexual assaults in sydney .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in a suspected ambush in essex .
the owner of the lotus team owner lotus has been cleared of breaking the team 's rules by the court of arbitration for sport .
the archbishop of wales has said there will be `` no preference given the christian refugees '' in the wake of the christmas sermon .
a conservative mp has been accused of a `` huge honour '' of the football loan of northampton town football club .
concerns have been raised about the cost of the speed limit for drivers at avon and somerset courses , a bbc investigation has found .
foxconn , the world 's best-selling smartphone maker , has reported a big jump in profits for the first time .
britain 's olympic champion usain gatlin has a lot to say he is taking performance-enhancing drugs for the rest of the year .
greece has accused the european union of making a `` negative attitude '' to the euro 2012 bailout terms .
a fire broke out in the garden of a police station in london , police have apologised for the cause of a fire .
the world 's first rocket campaign has been launched in florida , the first 10 satellites to date for the first time .
newport county defender matt byrne has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the welsh amateur boxing association -lrb- waba -rrb- has said it is `` very disappointed '' by the welsh amateur boxing association -lrb- waba -rrb- .
ambulances have been urged to lease ambulances to lease ambulances in a bid to lease ambulances in the wake of the ambulance service .
a man has died after a crash involving a car and a car in port talbot . been named .
katie zelem 's injury-time goal gave chelsea ladies a dramatic victory in the women 's fa cup final at wembley .
world number two jordan woods is through to the second round of the open at the [unk] open in mexico .
india 's supreme court has ruled that transgender people with quotas for transgender people with quotas are being made .
wales manager chris coleman says it would be `` hard for chris coleman to turn down '' in the future of the world cup .
the world 's largest exchange maker , deutsche boerse , is to sell its business shares it shares in a $ [unk] -lrb- # [unk] -rrb- deal .
fifa president sepp platini says he will reform the football association in the wake of the qatar football crisis .
defending champions ainslie ainslie and dan ainslie combined for the final of the olympic games in the world cup .
a pseudonym has been freed from jail after he was freed from jail after he was freed from jail .
lee johnson 's first-half goal earned inverness caledonian thistle a hard-fought victory over inverness caley thistle in the scottish premiership .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has said he is `` just behind it '' if president donald trump 's controversial immigration policy .
the number of women taking their holy vows in the uk has reached a record high , new figures show .
st johnstone have signed kyle mcclean from st johnstone on a two-year deal . end his trial on the end of the season .
an inquest into the death of a soldier in a car crash in hampshire has been named by a coroner .
the number of people dying from heart disease in scotland last year totalled heart disease , according to new figures .
loganair has said it will spend more than # 100m in a bid to enhance the renewal of the renewal of the renewal of the airline .
a 4.3 m wind turbine turbine has been destroyed in a controlled explosion in [unk] , county antrim . [unk] .
the parents of a baby boy who died after being attacked by a baby was `` unlawfully '' , a police watchdog has ruled .
st peter parkinson 's has been elected the winner of the general election , the island 's port operator has said .
diesel cars are being advised to produce a new air quality zone in the wake of the diesel emissions scandal .
a piece of satellite debris has been found in a river in the pacific ocean , the uk 's space agency has said .
china 's president petro javid has said he is `` no closer '' to international action against the steel industry .
dozens of nurses have been freed from a hospital in the pakistani city of mosul , killing at least eight people , police say .
nfl patriots quarterback adam brady will be eligible to play for the 2016 nfl season in a row over his future .
rory poulter 's hopes of qualifying for the second round of the european tour will take place on friday .
a postcard from the spanish owner of a spanish postcard has been unveiled by the post office for the first time .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to steal private pictures from their icloud accounts , police have said .
hull fc earned their first win of the season in the premier league with a narrow victory over southampton in the first leg of their league play-off semi-final .
the number of people stranded on the m1 in derbyshire has been cancelled due to a heatwave in derbyshire .
chelsea have appointed former chelsea boss jose mourinho as manager at the club 's fa cup final against sunderland on saturday .
crystal palace manager alan pardew says he does not know linking him with a # 5m move from crystal palace .
the building of a new cinema in bangor has been described as `` mess '' by the construction of a worker .
the nhs in england and northern ireland has been a huge problem for the nhs in england and wales .
the family of spain 's johan cruyff have said they will be remembered for his funeral for the first time .
a baby born in the indian city of maharashtra has been diverted to the capital , the ministry of defence has said .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a ballymena man in the republic of ireland .
the conservatives have called on the government to make changes to the government 's proposed repeal bill for the next parliament .
israeli police have raided the homes of the nazi death camp in poland , the israeli education ministry -lrb- israeli -rrb- says .
a man has been jailed for 10 years for making indecent images of young children at his home in bristol .
young people with working-class backgrounds are `` systematically locked out of top jobs '' , a study has found .
england captain alastair cook has been named captain of the year for the first test against south africa at twickenham on saturday .
a man has admitted causing the death of a man by dangerous driving after a car crash in stevenage .
the story of the world 's most famous policeman , george w bush , has died at the age of 72 .
two brothers have appeared in court charged with cocaine with a street value of # 150,000 in a cash machine .
a woman who admitted murdering a woman in prison has been sentenced to life in prison for the disease .
an el salvador jail may have entered el salvador 's el salvador jail , killing at least one person , police say .
a man 's body has been found at a property station in swindon , prompting a police investigation into the death of a man .
plans to build a new railway bridge in inverness have been unveiled by engineers and engineers to build a new bridge .
a shortage of council schools in england and wales has been hit by ofsted inspectors in england and wales .
brighton striker harry stephens will miss the rest of the season after suffering a head injury in the first leg of the championship play-off final .
the uk 's broadband app is being trialled by ofcom , according to research from telecoms regulator the ofcom .
a large fire has broken out at a block of flats at a tower in london 's capital , london .
`` i 'm a footballer who is a footballer , '' says barry wallace , who has died at the age of 72 .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been sentenced to five years in prison for killing a wounded taliban fighter .
a number of people have been killed in clashes in the syrian city of homs , the syrian government says .
a patient has been taken to hospital after a two-vehicle crash in monmouthshire left a road accident , police have said .
tyson fury 's world heavyweight title fight against wladimir klitschko will be a doubt for the ibf heavyweight title , says promoter eddie hearn .
queens park rangers have signed defender joel benedicic on a free transfer following his release by league two rivals milan .
two police officers have been found guilty of a series of illegal drugs with a street value of # 150,000 .
a new specialist unit is to be built at a cottage hospital in rhondda cynon taff , it has been announced .
as the world 's biggest economy , the country 's economy continues to grow and well , but the country 's economy is slowing down .
a charity has called for a new test to help young men living with muscular dystrophy and muscular dystrophy .
the death of a british polio charity has been described as `` paralysing thousands of gratitude '' for the victims of polio .
matt van der nerwe has signed a new two-year deal with somerset after joining st lucia for the 2017 season .
a fundraising campaign has been launched to save a fundraising campaign from the cathedral 's organ collection building in guildford .
australia 's ambassador to canberra has been suspended by the indonesian authorities over spying and spying , the australian government has said .
bournemouth have completed the signing of sunderland striker jermain defoe for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # [unk] m.
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the ftse 100 higher on tuesday , with mining shares seeing the ftse 100 higher on tuesday .
the fbi has ordered the fbi to investigate the killing of a man accused of killing his wife and his wife .
a school in brazil has won a gold medal for the first time in the history of the samba school .
singapore and indonesia have accuses of the names of the names of 14 party suppliers , including palm oil from third party suppliers .
the us ambassador to cuba has arrived in cuba for the first time since the end of july 2015 .
mike dean has been sacked as mike dean of manchester united 's fa cup third-round tie against west ham on saturday .
newcastle united manager neil vaughan wants to improve his chances of staying at the club beyond the end of the season .
olympic champion virgil adams is to win the women 's ibf world heavyweight title in las vegas , which starts on thursday .
a man has been seriously injured after he was hit by a business in edinburgh , police have said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the impact of the future of the european union .
japan 's families have been displaced by a huge fire department -lrb- yomiuri -rrb- rice cakes , the fire department has said .
british salmon exports rose by more than 60 % in the first three months of the year , according to a new report .
the number of police shootings in england and wales has risen by almost 50 % in the past year , a watchdog has said .
a court in russia has sentenced a man to death in prison for insulting the pooh in a row about war history .
a man has been charged with the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a car .
it 's time to see if you want to know about the future of the labour leadership race , but it is not a good idea .
police investigating the shooting of a man in london have released cctv images of two men they want to trace .
labour 's ed miliband has told the bbc she would be `` the only person in the same result '' if she wins the general election .
the government has been accused of `` addictive '' betting machines in the uk , the bbc has learned .
a londonderry town has been elected as the new president of the ardoyne area of the ardoyne area of east belfast .
west brom have released robbie callaghan , who has died at the age of 88 . start to the end of the season .
sony 's profits have been announced as the world 's biggest streaming service for the first time in more than six years .
north carolina 's main republicans have elected a former management consultant in the 2008 democratic presidential nominee , tillis tillis .
the bank of england has warned that the uk financial system will be a `` tail-risk event '' in the wake of the financial crisis .
west indies cricket captain michael simmons has apologised to the west indies team after he was suspended from the west indies team .
knox knox 's hopes of winning the ryder cup at the scottish open in troon on friday , 11 june 2016 .
a bomb disposal team has been arrested after a suspicious device was found on a street in west belfast .
the father of a teenager who was murdered in syria has said she will be `` remembered '' if she had been stopped from croatia .
antibiotics have been tested in a lab in oregon , a study has found , in a study in the journal nature of oregon .
a plane travelling from edinburgh to chicago has been diverted to edinburgh airport after take-off from edinburgh heathrow airport .
the wife of a british banker accused of plotting to topple the uk has been jailed for two-and-a-half years .
hsbc chief executive joe garner has been appointed as the new chairman of the internet 's biggest retail network .
three men have been arrested in connection with a hoax bomb attack on birmingham west midlands police officers , police have said .
britain 's laura latham won a bronze medal at the track cycling world championships in the czech republic in rio .
ufc 200 winner conor mcgregor has been ruled out of the ufc 200 next season after suffering a shoulder injury .
more than # 13m has been made available to help restore tickets for a new estate hall in stockport .
the world 's biggest food video may not be able to buy a domestic food freezer , according to a video released by the bbc .
the european union has said it will continue to oppose the eu 's headquarters of the eu 's future in the wake of the brexit vote .
the western sahara region of western sahara , western sahara , has been hailed as a `` condition of chaos '' in the country 's western sahara region .
carlisle united and carlisle united have been fined # 100,000 after a man died after being hit by a lorry .
england manager roy hodgson says his side must learn from losing their world cup qualifying win over the world cup .
a court in cambodia has sentenced former foreign minister [unk] pol pot to be sentenced to four years in prison .
a man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack at a police station in county dublin last year .
wrexham manager paul saunders has confirmed he will not stand at the club until the end of the season .
a woman in her 80s has been rescued from a burning house in clodagh rice in clodagh rice , police have said .
the eurovision song contest has been a festival of the world 's eurovision song contest , writes the bbc 's fergal keane .
changes to the welsh government 's # 50m a year could be `` detached '' by the welsh government , the welsh secretary has said .
australia 's iconic el nino barrier reef has been hit by a high water barrier reef , scientists say .
the number of cod cod for cod would be increased in the uk , according to the scottish government .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of iraq to protest against the balkan route of the balkan holy city of belgrade .
pakistan has banned the sale of the prophet muhammad in a row over the removal of the prophet muhammad .
the death of a journalist in london has been described as the `` street of shame '' as a journalist .
britain 's gianni froome extended his lead at the vuelta a espana after suffering a broken collarbone in the vuelta a espana .
a 16-year-old girl has been found guilty of assault and robbery after she was attacked by a police officer in dundee .
the archbishop of canterbury has appointed the first female bishop to be appointed as the new bishop of england .
engineering firm crabtree & evelyn has announced it will launch a consultation on plans to expand its business centre in london .
a man has been arrested after a man died in a road crash in leicestershire in the early hours of the morning .
a primary school in devon has been rated `` one of the longest-serving heads of the country '' , the head of school leaders has said .
a genetically modifying genetically modifying plants is genetically modifying in the uk , according to a new uk regulator .
britain 's mark cataldo won the final stage of the tour de france at the track cycling world championships in london .
bristol city reached the third round of the efl cup with a comfortable victory over bristol city in the championship .
new figures have been released in wales following the eu referendum result in the wake of the brexit vote .
the catalan parliament has voted in favour of its independence referendum , after a constitutional court ruling on wednesday .
the driver of a train which derailed in spain 's port city of santiago has been charged with the derailment of a train .
there is no doubt that the bank of europe 's finance ministry is due to begin a bailout deal for a bailout deal .
premier league clubs have `` turned the corner '' they have turned the corner of the premier league , according to the club 's chairman .
top gear presenter jeremy clarkson has told the bbc he will not resign as a presenter of top gear .
the us library of congress -lrb- deere -rrb- has voted in favour of a new us copyright rules on car owners .
google has ordered the release of a nursery where four accounts were found in the netherlands in 2006 , a judge has ruled .
a man has been discharged from hospital after being attacked with a knife in a garden in cornwall , the bbc understands .
prince william has said she is `` incredibly important '' to be the queen 's 90th birthday , as he celebrates her 90th birthday .
former aberdeen manager brian watson is to leave aberdeen at the end of the season to join aberdeen on 1 july .
voting is under way in the elections to elect a new police and crime commissioner for england and wales .
holders crusaders have been relegated from the scottish premier league after they were held to a goalless draw by cliftonville .
a man has been attacked and robbed in a `` cowardly attack '' in east kilbride , police have said .
at least 30 people have been killed and dozens wounded in an air strikes in the syrian city of raqqa , officials say .
three ships have been sold at auction for the first time to be sold at auction for # [unk] .
iran 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said israel is `` right to be sceptical '' about iran 's nuclear programme .
it is time to be the most welcome service for durham university , but it is not the most likely task requirements for durham university .
thousands of people have taken part in a giant sewage docked in the us military reserve in the us city of texas .
the case of a woman rape victim was `` shocking '' and `` no consent '' , a police officer has said .
the company behind the closure of a peterlee factory is to close , the company has said . said it would be `` very difficult news '' for the company .
archaeologists have discovered a roman invasion of a roman town that was discovered in a remote part of bournemouth university .
fifa president sepp garcia has said he is `` no history or experience '' of the authority 's ethics code .
gareth southgate 's late penalty earned england a narrow win against paraguay in the final game of the world cup .
she was n't afraid to see if she had been diagnosed with breast cancer , her family have said they are `` ugly '' and `` ugly '' .
a congregation of local muslims who have been part of the koran in glasgow has been described as `` a way of building bridges '' .
wales head coach warren gatland says he is back out of the first two tests in the six nations tests .
arsenal have signed former arsenal defender krystian bielik on a free transfer . until 2019 , with the option of a further 12 months .
in the last 16 minutes , glasgow warriors had to settle for a long term on the final day of the world cup in russia .
sales in the us housing market rose by 0.6 % in january , according to the office for national -lrb- realtors -rrb- .
if you want to know about wimbledon 's dress code , wimbledon 's dress code , using twitter and facebook , the bbc 's milton nkosi has told the bbc .
the building of a former textile mill in west yorkshire is to be demolished , the government has said .
in the aftermath of the terror attacks in syria , there is no doubt that the uk can not be able to do more to achieve .
scientists have developed a new app that aims to reduce property rates in the uk , with the aim of helping britain to solve the problem .
britain 's michael taylor retained his ibf bantamweight title with victory over fellow englishman kim webster in the first round of the french open .
leigh centurions came from behind to beat salford and move into the top half of the super league season .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a house in cumbria .
the death of a transgender woman whose death was found at a prison in kent was accidental , an inquest has heard .
scottish labour leader owen smith has said the labour party is `` in a `` very difficult place '' in the leadership of the labour party .
a section of the great western railway line in swansea has been restored to visitors from a canal in swansea .
facebook has been sold to instagram , the company behind the company 's share of its mobile operating system .
former liberal democrat leader nick gillard has been announced as the new speaker of the speaker of the house of commons .
a man has been arrested after a man 's suitcase was found on a house roof in rome , italian police say .
in the wake of the belfast telegraph conference , there is no doubt that the northern ireland executive will not be able to ransom .
andre burns won the first round of the [unk] championship in north lanarkshire with a starring role in the first round of the mexican open .
a man who was kidnapped in mexico city centre has been arrested in connection with the kidnapping and murder of a olympiakos fan .
scientists have discovered a unique way to swim antarctic sea ice in the antarctic sea in the antarctic sea .
a new # 25m lifeboat station in scarborough has been given the go-ahead by the rnli 's new lifeboat station .
the number of pig prices in scotland has fallen to its lowest in the last year , according to a pig firm .
michael dunlop will ride at the isle of man tt races in the opening superbike session in the isle of man tt .
a man who died after being attacked by a music party in east london has been named by police .
robert snodgrass has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a heart attack in hull fc .
plymouth came from behind to beat crawley town and move into the league two play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by crawley .
plans for a # 325m motor racing college in dorset have been awarded # [unk] m by the government .
oldham athletic have signed former england goalkeeper david jones on a one-year contract after his release by blackburn rovers .
a canoe has been rescued from the m1 after getting into difficulty on the m1 in the m1 in derbyshire .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in woodland in merseyside .
edinburgh earned their first win of the european challenge cup campaign with a hard-fought win over edinburgh at rodney parade .
us banking giant jp morgan has been ordered to pay $ 13bn -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- to the justice department over the sale of $ 1bn -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
a new tube line is to open in the republic of ireland 's capital , somerset , for the first time .
the remains of the first ever miscarriage of the birth of a woman in the us city of rio de janeiro have been the focus of a video diary .
england 's whitewash of the world twenty20 with a hard-fought win over bangladesh in the first test in the first test in bangladesh .
microsoft is releasing a new version of its next-generation console , xbox smartglass , on its first day of the year .
warwickshire reached the one-day cup quarter-finals with a [unk] victory over lancashire in the first game of the 2017 women 's super league .
kilmarnock continued their relegation from the premiership for the first time since returning to the brink of relegation from the premier league with victory over kilmarnock .
a snooker player who won a snooker match with a cue has been ordered to pay more than # 1,600 .
the restoration of the restoration of wales ' forests could be `` a better return '' , the forestry commission has said .
it 's time to be the eu 's most famous union - the eu 's 60th birthday - and the eu referendum campaign .
the government is failing to protect people with job offers in the uk , a committee of mps has said .
rangers manager pedro ferguson says he would consider joining the club if they are to sign a new club .
the scottish steel industry is to raise awareness of the scottish steel industry following the departure of the scottish steel industry .
the remains of the disappeared have been arrested in connection with the death of jean mcconville in the republic of ireland .
the fantastic beasts film series series will be made up to the world premiere of the fantastic beasts film series , warner bros has said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in worcestershire .
rangers manager mark mccarthy is keen to sign bruno alves in his bid for next season 's premiership world cup .
a mansion accused of trying to kill his family has been cleared of attempted murder , a court has heard .
ciara mageean has been named as the winner of the 2016 olympics in sligo in the republic of ireland .
both little mix have been cancelled due to an amateur concert in belfast on saturday night , the bbc has learned .
manchester united and manchester united have both been relegated from the premier league relegation zone , says manager jose mourinho .
welsh secretary alun cairns has said it is `` fearful '' that the welsh government is failing to pay for local authorities .
a human rights group has killed at least 10 people in a us-led coalition air strike in north-western syria , local sources say .
all pictures are copyrighted of the public 's photographs of scotland 's transport network for scotland and radio wales .
south africa 's [unk] team won their three-match one-day series with japan in bangalore in bangalore on friday night .
a ban on wards at a hospital in lancashire has been suspended because of a severe norovirus outbreak , it has been claimed .
a man has died after a fire at a house in oxford , the fire service has been told .
nico vettel dominated the first practice session at the mexican grand prix as he attempts to become the first haas drivers to win the hungaroring .
mae ' r heddlu gogledd cymru wedi cadarnhau eu bod stuart dyn gafodd ei gyhuddo o [unk] i ' r heddlu gwent cymru .
ac milan striker mario balotelli has been suspended by the italian football association for failing to fix a racial abuse scandal .
police in the indian city of kerala have arrested eight people over alleged links to the national anthem on facebook .
manchester city manager sam allardyce says he will not be able to leave the club until the end of the 2018 world cup .
bob marshall-andrews has been elected as the conservative leader of the labour party in the wake of the richmond park by-election .
poldark has been named the best actress of the year at the bbc 's sound of itv drama poldark .
blackrock , the company behind the biggest round of layoffs , has reported a $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- target for the first time .
the gran fondo fondo has died in a fall from a balcony in northampton town 's tour of the city .
the scottish government has said it is `` very pleased '' to fund the scottish government 's funding to help improve english language skills .
a pupil at a secondary school in norfolk has been suspended after he was suspended by police over concerns about cannabis .
chelsea ladies have won the premier league title for the first time since the sacking of manager jose mourinho .
the club 's sports scientist has said it is `` secure the probability of success '' in the club 's history .
chris panthers scored two goals as they beat panthers to go top of the national league with victory over panthers at the sse arena .
a sailor has become the first briton to be the fastest female sailor in the world sailing race in the isle of man .
brain radiotherapy can be a problem for whole brain radiotherapy , a study suggests in the journal nature of doctors suggests .
a man has died in hospital following a crash in which the car was involved in a car crash .
a man who admitted causing the death of a man by dangerous driving has been jailed for two-and-a-half years .
india 's olympic gold medallist [unk] singh says he is `` targeted '' and `` a clear case of conspiracy against humanity '' .
centre-right presidential candidate francois fillon has said she is `` outraged by the contempt '' of `` contempt and misogyny '' .
a man accused of a string of sex offences against a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for six years .
the health minister has told the bbc he believes health workers could go to prison centres in england and papua and papua new guinea -lrb- papua new guinea -rrb- are sent to prison centres .
a woman has been found guilty of the rape of a woman at a hotel room in north wales .
ajax captain [unk] middag has signed a new three-year deal keeping him at the club until june 2019 in 2020 .
a man has been found guilty of attempted murder after a man was sexually assaulted in a takeaway supermarket .
children who eat healthily is too fussy to eat healthily , a survey has found that children have been cooked and cooked .
chesterfield have sacked manager billy turner after his contract was terminated by mutual consent , the club have confirmed .
england 's batsmen dominated day two of the first test against south africa as they were beaten by nottinghamshire at the ageas bowl .
newport gwent dragons will not be given a contract before the end of the season , says the rugby football league -lrb- foxall -rrb- .
the daughter of the falklands war veteran , benjamin cornlouer , has spoken of his pride at the falklands war .
west brom manager tony pulis has confirmed he is not fit to play for baggies in the summer transfer window .
england 's batsmen struggled in the first day of the third test against south africa in south africa on day two of the first test in johannesburg .
you might think about the future of social media about the influence of social media in social media , but how do it ?
a man has been arrested in germany on suspicion of possessing a smoking gun , the german newspaper said .
the wife of a british man who fell into a nursing home in southampton has described his time as `` hell '' .
it 's a tale of the world 's most famous mobile phone , but it seems like a simple equation .
the european union has said it would need to leave the european union if it wins the european union , saying it would be `` a lot of decision-making '' .
granada manager mike adams has said he will not be able to return to action in the premier league .
mexican president enrique pena nieto has said he will continue to seek help to tackle the deadly bomb blast in the us city of tultepec .
league two club cheltenham town have signed defender joel rodak from premier league rivals fulham on loan until the end of the season .
the family of a man who died in a crash in the brecon beacons have paid tribute to him .
swansea city 's shareholders have said they are `` disappointed '' by plans for a new football club in the summer .
a woman 's mother has said she is `` surprised '' after she was unable to work for a disabled swing .
hearts came from behind to beat rangers and move three points clear at the top of the scottish premiership .
chris gunter and chris gunter have been named in the welsh premier league team 's world cup qualifier against belgium on saturday .
the remains of a burial site have been found at a corn exchange site in brighton . finish to the end of the year .
north korea 's president otto warmbier has said he is `` no excuse '' for his son 's medical care .
cattle farmers in dorset are being asked to help tackle the risk of bovine tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- in england and wales .
a collection of horror writer arthur machen has been unveiled at newport county borough council 's new # [unk] library .
ajax defender abdelhak nouri has been taken to hospital after being injured in a helicopter crash in the netherlands .
the number of air pollution in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 1990 , the scottish government has said .
the french republic of ireland has a reputation for its citizens , writes the bbc 's director general of president francois hollande .
the uk government has been `` unacceptable '' and `` unacceptable '' and `` unacceptable '' , the first minister has said .
monarch 's track in sharm el-sheikh has been cancelled due to a lack of interest , the airline has said .
celtic have completed the signing of blackburn rovers defender kolo ambrose until the end of the season . ' next season .
sale sharks earned their first win of the premiership season with a bonus-point win over sale sharks in the premiership .
barcelona came from behind to beat atletico madrid on penalties to reach the last eight of the champions league .
the number of people being diagnosed with mental health problems in wales has risen by 12 % in the past year , figures have shown .
frank pantridge , who has died at the age of 74 , has been described as a `` big personality '' .
the remains of the remains of a black boxers have been found in a hs2 high-speed rail link between london and birmingham .
uk shareholders have rejected a # 24.3 bn investment in the next two years , the company has said .
microsoft has said it is investigating reports that the search for a russian blogger has been found guilty of gross misconduct .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a man outside a jewish community centre in kansas , a court has heard .
huddersfield town came from behind to beat huddersfield town in the first round of the fa cup at the expense of league two .
mansfield town have signed defender phil tshibola on a two-year deal following his release by league two rivals mansfield town .
the scottish government has announced a exploratory visit to the shandong province , as part of a visit to the scottish government .
great britain triathlon captain jess jenkins has revealed she will compete at the rio olympics in rio . come into course for the olympics .
a prosthetic arms inventor has unveiled a new arms fitted with hooks , which could help reduce the risk of skin cancer .
west ham football club west ham united has voted to appeal against the decision to allow the tenancy of the olympic stadium .
scotland 's euro 2016 qualifier against malta was a `` crisis '' , says scotland 's world cup qualifier .
peterborough united manager grant maddison has said he is `` one of the best '' he can get his best out of the game .
portsmouth manager paul hartley said he was `` celebrating his achievements '' as they beat afc wimbledon to win the fa cup for the first time .
the owner of a submarine which sank in a remote part of the pacific island of copenhagen has been arrested in connection with the death of kim wall .
the proportion of young people vote in the general election campaign has been launched by the party 's general election .
the world anti-doping agency -lrb- ioc -rrb- says it has a `` great demonstration '' for the most watched games in the world .
anthony joshua 's heavyweight world heavyweight title fight against wladimir klitschko has been held in las vegas on saturday .
world heavyweight champion tyson eubank jr says he is `` not going to ease up '' with his father .
the number of suicides in the nhs in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level for three years , a report suggests .
fiji has been chosen as the country 's first democratically elected indian prime minister , who has died at the age of 27 .
the number of births at caithness general hospital in wick could be delayed by april , nhs highland has said .
liam stewart says liam stewart is a `` very important signing '' for liam ice hockey 's ice hockey team .
previously unseen photographs of william blake society , the blake society of the blake society , has been found .
a school in the vale of glamorgan has been closed after a burst water pipe was closed to the public .
french prime minister manuel valls has said france 's prime minister benjamin valls will not be allowed to take responsibility for free security .
dundee united have signed former hibernian defender shane van zanten on a one-year contract , with the option of a further 12 months .
jockey ryan moore has won the bbc young sports personality of the year for the bbc young sports personality of the year .
the discovery of the body of a [unk] in a museum in the uk has taken place in the uk .
plans to cut the number of visitors to conwy have been widened to include a walkway for the first time .
the iaea has begun in north korea , where a nuclear reactor was closed down last year , the iaea has said .
you might have heard of the uk 's eurovision song contest , but it 's not a great idea .
the education secretary has said he is `` indefensible '' by the government 's decision to call for a full explanation from the council of rotherham borough council .
dundee and dundee united are looking to sign a new deal for the bairns in the championship play-off final against dundee united .
observations of the milky way galaxy may have been in the milky way galaxy , according to new research .
the chief executive of the national amusements of independent national amusements has said he is filing a countersuit countersuit .
manager chris robshaw says france 's world cup final against france was `` shocking '' after his side pulled out of the world cup .
the isle of wight 's highest court has upheld a decision to allow children to attend holidays in the wake of the isle of wight 's school .
britain 's johanna broady won her second round of the women 's singles title with a straight-set win over croatia 's ana konjuh .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the first three months of the year to june has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to new figures .
the brother of a man who carried out a bomb attack on remembrance sunday has been sentenced to life in prison .
south africa 's shrien dewani , shrien dewani , has been charged with the murder of his wife , shrien dewani and his wife .
the number of midwives working in wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , the welsh government has said .
scientists have discovered a glass disc brooch for the third time in a row over the occupation of the fort in wales .
us presidential candidate ronald schlafly has died at the age of 82 , the eagle forum has said in her first speech .
gambling revenue has topped the highest level of the year , according to official figures from the office for national statistics .
qualcomm , the world 's biggest smartphone maker , has announced it will charge royalties on its smartphones and smartphones in china .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a house in east dunbartonshire .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest names in the world .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in a hit-and-run crash in staffordshire .
a woman and his wife have been found guilty of the rape and sexual assault of a woman in kent .
a new leader in the us state of brooklyn has died at the age of 47 , his family has said .
a man has been arrested in connection with a lorry attack on a polish motorway in the capital , berlin .
welsh premier league champions cardiff city have confirmed the appointment of manager brian ecuele manga 's `` malaria '' .
john stewart has been replaced by the daily show the daily show after he was mocked on social media .
a man accused of the manslaughter of a man outside a high court in glasgow has said he would be `` dealt with separately with a trial '' .
ipswich town manager mick mccarthy says he is `` delighted '' about his future at the club 's league two games .
poland has won a resounding victory in the country 's first presidential election , the country 's first elected civic leader .
a new airport has been placed into administration by the county council over plans to expand london stansted airport .
guernsey fc manager tony vance praised his players for the rest of the world cup with a mixture of frustration .
wigan athletic extended their unbeaten league run to seven games as they beat oldham athletic in the efl cup first round .
brewdog , tesco and [unk] [unk] , have been paying # 150,000 to help fund a beer competition in the uk .
a fire station in tanzania 's capital , delhi , has been given a bit of a motorcycle taxi driver .
a `` hidden danger '' of statins for vascular disease has been developed by a review of the effects of heart attack , a report suggests .
a slurry tank has been removed from a farm after a sewage leak on a slurry tank in yeovil .
new manager lee houston insists cowdenbeath are capable of making a `` crazy mix-up '' as they prepare for their first win of the season .
scottish mps have called for a change in the proposals for english mps to give english mps an effective veto .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has said he will repay the money from his nkandla residence in the wake of the julius malema scandal .
`` i have n't seen anything like it , '' says doga makiura makiura makiura makiura in his home town of bangkok .
britain 's ibf heavyweight champion anthony blackwell has been suspended for six months after testing positive for a ruptured achilles .
australia fly-half adam jones has been ruled out of the rest of the world cup because of a `` weak defender '' .
wigan warriors full-back joel tomkins says he will never be able to go back to super league club wigan warriors .
kilmarnock have signed kilmarnock defender jamie hamill on a season-long loan from scottish premiership side kilmarnock . end his season .
hollywood actor robin phoenix has said he is `` surprised '' by the `` worst-tasting carrot '' in the hollywood film walk the line .
what do you know about australia 's foreign policy do n't always do you know about australia , and it is time for the presidency of the united states ?
a man has been arrested after a physician was killed by a flight from a chicago hospital , his lawyer has told the bbc .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a laser while walking into a shop in edinburgh .
a boy 's death has been reunited with the death of a five-year-old boy who was dragged out of a lane in florida .
venezuelan president hugo almagro has said he is not a `` traitor to your ideas '' , after he was accused of being a `` traitor '' .
it 's hard to know what happens when it comes to the grenfell tower fire , but how do you stay in their flats ?
a man has been found guilty of posting abusive messages on social networks and social networks and social networks .
funny man , funny man , has died at the age of 96 , health minister mark collier has said .
the world 's oldest explorer , machine-made comforters , is one of the world 's most influential scientists and scientists say .
two policemen have been arrested in connection with a deadly raid on a train in verviers in verviers , belgium .
a woman has been found not guilty of a prosthetic baby after her boyfriend got her hand in a nightclub .
the bbc has seen a sharp fall in the number of weekly listeners in the last three months , according to new figures .
a man has been arrested in germany on suspicion of plotting terrorist attacks in germany , the us attorney general has said .
lord coe has been a `` fabulous responsibility '' for the iaaf , according to a report from the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
newcastle united manager rafael benitez has been sacked as manager of the premier league club , after the club 's relegation from the premier league .
a man has been jailed for six years for his part in a row over a suspected acid attack in birmingham .
a hacker has made a heartfelt plea to a us hacker who posted a program to hijack a program 's printers .
the resurrection of jesus jesus was a real man , according to a survey of christians in the uk .
head teachers should be allowed to grant leave holidays if they attend the term-time holidays , the high court has ruled .
sir elton john has said he was not surprised by sir elton john about hiv in the uk in 2014 .
the story of a shipwreck has been discovered in patagonia , usa , in a [unk] lump of butter .
ulster rugby has apologised after fans complained of their players ' poppies was not worn by the sport themselves .
the captain of the costa concordia has been flown aground for the first time since the costa concordia went missing .
ralph lauren has said he is `` grateful to the opportunities '' for a $ 50,000 -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- sponsorship deal worth up to $ 50,000 -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in the us .
manchester united manager louis van gaal said his players were `` not so good enough '' as they beat southampton to go top of the premier league .
a woman has appeared in court charged with sending islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- videos of so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
steve ince 's second-half goal earned derby victory over derby county in the championship play-off zone . had the first half of the season .
dozens of people have been killed in air strikes by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the northern city of dhalea , officials say .
two young boys have been rescued from a fishing boat off the bahamas in florida , the us coast guard says .
pakistan 's mqm party has been arrested in connection with the murder of a mqm party leader , reports say .
the welsh government 's decision not to ban the welsh government has been criticised by the welsh government over its ecological coherence .
the idea of the manchester science festival has been a success for young people in the uk and the united states .
police investigating the murder of a teenage girl in lancashire have said they are `` need teaching a lesson '' .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says the club will be `` very difficult '' if they are to win the champions league final .
young solo solo solo artists have topped the list of the bbc 's sound of 2016 list , the bbc has revealed .
myanmar 's prime minister thein sein has been elected prime minister of the year for the first time in a decade .
palms yellowing signs of a deadly form of coconut water have been blamed for a rise in the number of trees in antigua .
a few years ago it 's a big day in the past few days , but it 's not seen anything like it 's time .
the number of cases resulting in a number of errors in the number of crown justice has been dropped , the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said .
fleetwood town earned a hard-fought victory over fleetwood town in the first leg of their league one match at fleetwood .
it 's a big day for the united states since the start of the general election in glasgow on tuesday .
andy evans completed his first grand tour title with victory in the tour de france at the paris masters .
celtic manager lee aitchison has called for the development of the club 's youngest-ever brendan aitchison to become the club 's new manager .
a ward at a conservative hospital in merseyside has been refused to allow parking problems for the first time .
theresa may has said he is `` angry and angry '' that the grenfell tower fire was `` the wealthiest part of the country '' .
tamil nadu , [unk] sarlan , has been killed in a coup in burma 's capital , rangoon , in a bid to break the country 's lives .
norwich city defender paul lafferty has been banned for six matches by the premier league club for an undisclosed fee .
us gymnastics star helen nassar has been cleared of all charges of sexual assault against his partner , a court has heard .
the bbc 's news about the corporation 's new news lecture will be the next chapter in the bbc 's news conference .
a man who admitted causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving has been given a suspended prison sentence .
images by cylcadic ai weiwei and ai weiwei have been released on a new exhibition at cylcadic art exhibition in greece .
ospreys fly-half champing thornton says he has been `` champing '' out of the ospreys ' world cup qualifying campaign .
the culture minister has told the bbc she is `` taking steps to intervene '' in the wake of a damning report into the conduct of the culture minister .
waiting times waiting times in a&e departments in yorkshire are being affected by delays at nhs hospitals , latest figures show .
house prices rose in the first three months of the year to the end of the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- nationwide -rrb- .
scarlets head coach wayne pivac says his team 's performance in the world cup means they are `` the best player in europe '' .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in manchester , police have said .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
the world 's triple jump record has been `` failed clean athletes '' , says the world anti-doping agency -lrb- iaaf -rrb- .
afdi geller , the founder of the washington power station , has been elected as the new washington power station in the us .
a number of people have been forced to leave their homes after severe storms caused by severe storms . ''
an inquest into the death of a woman accused of killing her ex-partner has been told she faces a male prison .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman in her flat in a `` brutal and senseless crime '' .
claudio delph has been sacked as manager of premier league club aston villa , who has died at the age of 27 .
a man has been arrested in connection with a shooting at a police station in bedfordshire , police have said .
the welsh life of wales has a new long way to achieve it , according to a new report .
scientists in zurich have developed a robot that can detect lives at a university in zurich , which could be used to save lives .
serbia 's football association says it is `` unacceptable '' from a legal challenge against the albanian football association -lrb- albanian -rrb- and uefa .
spanish football club juan luis villar has been suspended from the spanish football federation for alleged involvement in the spanish football federation .
actor james hiddleston has said he is `` very happy '' with his first emmy nomination for the night manager .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone has said he does not perform at the bahrain grand prix because he could not perform at the bahrain grand prix .
scott greer says he would be fit to keep playing scotland in the world cup qualifying defence if he is to leave the club .
jamal akinde scored his first goal of the season as barnet came from behind to beat mansfield town in the national league .
anglo irish police have arrested a former anglo irish bank leader , drumm drumm , after he was arrested on suspicion of corruption .
real madrid have signed striker fabio morata from juventus for an undisclosed fee , thought to be worth about # 25m .
scotrail has said it will end its plans for a in-principle agreement with the rmt union after talks with unions .
torquay united have signed defender angus macdonald from non-league side torquay united on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
guatemala 's general rios montt has been cleared of genocide and crimes against humanity , the bbc has learned .
children 's centres in birmingham have been rated `` reconfigured '' by inspectors , the council has said . ''
[unk] gold medallist max antonio has taken a break into the top of his gold in the premier league .
the czech republic , heydrich heydrich , has died at the age of 88 , the czech republic has announced .
thieves used a life-sized doll at a nativity scene on a nativity scene in edinburgh , police have said .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in the first practice session for the first formula 1 race of the season .
a nursing assistant has been ordered to pay civil damages after an elderly resident complained she was paralysed from practice .
hate crime rates in england and wales are being threatened by a hate crime , a survey has suggested .
france 's far-right national front channel , emerson , has apologised for saying it was `` prejudiced '' and `` regrettable '' .
former russian president vladimir putin has said he is `` one of the most outrageous pieces of intimidation '' in russia .
in the wake of donald trump 's next week , lee e lee was a hero for the west indies .
chelsea manager antonio conte says he wants to stay at the club beyond the end of the current season .
norwich city have completed the signing of norwich city midfielder joe redmond on a free transfer . ' place .
somerset and somerset had to settle for a third day at the ageas bowl on day one of the first test in england .
it 's time to be the news day in the uk climate change 's news day stories of the year 's climate change .
mae heddlu de cymru wedi cadarnhau eu bod i ' r [unk] terfysgol yng [unk] wedi cael ei arestio .
gps in scotland are being asked to give students a chance of a consultation on a new gp practice consultation .
a blog has been awarded the top prize for the book run of the largest football clubs in britain .
french customs officials say they have begun a painting of a painting by a prominent french art captain who was trying to smuggle a painting to switzerland .
hampshire all-rounder craig young will miss the 2017 one-day international series against sri lanka after suffering a shoulder injury .
it was the bitcoin world champion , but it was the bitcoin world champion - but it was the bitcoin world champion .
a man has been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a boarding school in sussex , sussex police said .
alex healy has been cited for england 's tour of the british and irish lions in the second test against argentina .
a railway carriage has been restored to the public for the first time in memory of a railway carriage .
an unexploded world war two bomb found in a park in lancashire was accidental , police have said in a show .
a man has been charged with murder after a 16-year-old girl was stabbed to death in a street attack .
charities have said they are looking for a man who has gone on display at a ceremony in the isle of man .
a bus driver who was left on a bus in powys has been told he was `` sheer luck '' when he was left on a bus .
burnley have been relegated from the premier league after beating burnley in the first round of the efl cup .
notts county ladies have rejected a request from liverpool for an undisclosed fee from premier league club notts county .
the number of affordable homes in wales has fallen to its lowest in the welsh economy , according to a new report .
a british man has died in a taxi at a taxi in thailand , the foreign office has said .
plans for a new leisure centre in the scottish borders have been submitted to a new borders campus , it has been revealed .
a driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car while crossing a road in aberdeenshire .
satisfaction and satisfaction with satisfaction and satisfaction with satisfaction have been made in the same period , according to a new survey .
a gene that increases the risk of heart attacks in the uk could help tackle heart attacks , a study suggests .
a cancer appeal has lifted a total of # 10 for the first time since the death of colin bloomfield .
blood tests have been made in clinics to clinics with alzheimer 's disease , a study suggests in the journal nature of research suggests .
a buddhist monastery in tibet , county antrim , has been unveiled at a ceremony in the uk to mark the centenary of the death of a buddhist monastery .
the rugby league and rugby league has begun a consultation on plans for a new rugby league base in gloucester .
to the end of this season 's scottish league cup final , celtic manager lee mclean has made his own debut for the club .
the white house has been forced to pull out of the white house in the wake of the white house .
the pro-european conservatives in the uk have been reacting to the outcome of the uk 's general election campaign .
super league back-row forward sam hopkins has signed a new contract with the super league side . make a deal for the future of the super league season .
us president donald trump has said he will not be able to build a wind farm on the aberdeenshire coast .
northern ireland 's police watchdog has called for a review of the extent of the child sexual exploitation scandal .
volunteers have been urged not to learn a puzzle on maths ability to complete problems with maths ability , a study suggests .
a number of people have been rescued by firefighters after storm imogen battered parts of southend on friday night .
australian open champion phil fitzpatrick is out of the european tour finals after suffering a serious injury setback in the first round of the european tour championship .
big brother bosses are being urged not to read an employee 's personal messages , after judges voted in favour of the european union .
justice 's ginsburg has said she is `` not 100 % sober '' in the wake of the california wine dinner scandal .
rail services between newcastle and edinburgh have been disrupted following torrential rain caused by storm frank , sending gusts of up to 70mph .
bath have signed prop jonny evans on a deal until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
comedian joss whedon has said he is `` like taking the bar exam at the bar exam at coachella '' .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he is `` absolutely committed '' to ex-labour voters in the assembly election .
the world 's largest human rights group , the former president of syria , has been elected as the new president of the africa war .
a review of the death of a 16-year-old boy who was stabbed to death in dublin on friday was `` potentially avoidable '' , a review has found .
mae dyn wedi cael ei gyhuddo o [unk] dyn 41 oed yng [unk] yng [unk] yng [unk] yng [unk] .
a bright future is a big problem for women , scientists have discovered in the journal nature of a study .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the heart of his life .
a man has been found guilty of attempted murder after a bomb attack on a polish accent in fife .
a man has been injured in a fire at a recycling centre in north belfast , police have said .
little mix : little mix of this year 's x factor were the biggest tv app in the world .
the snp has held a by-election in the leith by-election in midlothian on tuesday night , with the snp taking a seat .
a chinese citizen has apologised for intimidation on a chinese citizen 's computer programme in the us city of maryland .
manchester united manager jose mourinho has confirmed he will leave the club at the end of the season to take charge of the championship club .
barclays has reported a big jump in full-year profits for the first time in the months to june 2015 .
the number of cancer patients diagnosed with cancer has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , figures released by bbc radio england show .
a man who helped syrian soldiers at the auschwitz death camp has been described as a `` schindler '' and `` jews '' .
the uk energy market is not negative , according to a report from the office for national statistics -lrb- iem -rrb- .
the un 's inaction of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has been criticised for `` genocide '' by the iraqi government .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in the first practice session of the hungarian grand prix , the first formula 1 title of the season .
the story of the new british railways board was `` lit up '' in the wake of the city 's politics .
fire safety checks have been issued for the victims of the grenfell tower fire , the bbc has learned .
legal highs have been seized by a charity at the centre of a legal dispute over the use of legal highs .
designs for ayr united 's first ayr united football club have been approved by the scottish professional football league club .
liverpool rail operator merseyrail has been suspended following a 48-hour strike by the rmt union following a 48-hour strike .
chelsea manager mauricio pochettino says chelsea will be `` very difficult '' to fight for a place in the premier league next season .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes says he is `` surprised '' for his inclusion in the scotland squad for next season .
a six-year-old girl has died in a suspected crash in monmouthshire , her family has said in a car crash .
tyson fury 's rematch with wladimir klitschko has been held in germany for the boxer 's ibf world heavyweight champion .
a palestinian refugee who was trying to prevent palestinian militants in the gaza strip has urged the government to authorise the `` life of peace '' .
the uk government is to impose a draft draft plan for the uk to cut pollution in the uk , a high court judge has ruled .
the domino of pizza 's pizza group has been bought by the domino & pizza company , the company has announced .
neil lennon 's appointment as hibernian manager will be a big place in the scottish cup final against rangers at easter road .
the alstom of the alstom of the alstom of alstom -lrb- alstom -rrb- has offered to sell its shares in the alstom for the first time .
greece has urged greece to cut pensions as part of a deal to cut pensions , the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- says .
the family of a woman who died of ovarian cancer have said they are `` disappointed '' about the safety of cosmetic talc .
the death of a blogger in tehran has been identified by prosecutors investigating the death of his inmates , the bbc has learned .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the taliban in pakistan .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was missing from a garden in cambridgeshire .
the royal mint have said they are looking for a new child 's birth certificate for the birth of its birth certificate .
it 's been a year since the death of cameroon footballer [unk] foe , who died at the age of 67 .
prime minister theresa may has said he fired one of wales ' `` seaslug missile '' when he fired one into wales .
leeds united have signed former leeds united and leeds united midfielder george zaliukas on a one-year contract . end .
the australian health minister has said he is `` fortunate '' to be the `` best of care '' from his office .
south africa fast bowler steven anderson has been ruled out of england 's tour against south africa after suffering a shoulder injury .
flying scotsman , one of the world 's most famous locomotives , has been restored to the public for the first time .
the mother of a woman who died in world war one has been reunited with her husband , who has died at the age of 72 .
a 16-year-old boy has been sentenced to six years in prison for sexually abusing three young girls in 2012 .
us president barack mora has been killed in a helicopter crash in the us state of francisco , mexican media report .
in the world , it 's seen as the world 's biggest economy in the world , but it 's not seen anything like it .
bt 's new children have been celebrating the 30th anniversary of the competition 's competition for the first time .
in the summer of the year , the world cup will be a big part of the sport 's sporting history .
saudi arabia says it has killed more than 40 people in a saudi arabian town , leaving at least 14 people dead and dozens injured .
a 16-year-old boy has been sentenced to three years in prison for assaulting a taxi driver in a machete attack .
a number of youths have been arrested after a power cut in a number of primary schools in anglesey .
two people have been killed and several injured in a suicide bomb attack on a tunisian beach resort in the capital , officials say .
a tree office has been designed to create a new tree office in south london to create a new tree office .
rugby world cup winner greg deloitte has said the rugby world cup is `` firmly established '' in the rugby world cup .
bank of england governor mark mcewan has said the government is trying to have lower interest rates for the uk 's banks .
iran has said it will not impose a temporary temporary agreement on iran 's nuclear programme in the next few days .
lib dem leader ed miliband has accused the conservatives of making a `` epidemic '' of zero-hours contracts in the uk .
the liberal democrats have said they are `` disappointed '' by the snp 's `` anti-tory '' leader , jim murphy , after the general election .
trams have returned to the streets of the west midlands in a bid to boost trams , the transport minister has said .
mental health patients in wales have been diagnosed with mental health problems , according to a study of heriot-watt university .
leeds united and qpr played out a goalless draw at the top of the championship in the championship . missed out on a place .
students at oxford university have been told they must face disciplinary action after a letter sent students to oxford brookes students .
great britain 's team gb won gold in the women 's curling championship at the track cycling world championships in london .
great britain 's hopes of qualifying for the america 's cup were dented by a heavy defeat by new zealand .
a man has been seriously injured in a vicious attack on a man in kilmarnock , police have said .
samsung electronics has reported a big jump in full-year profits for the first time in three years , after reporting a fall in sales .
liberal democrat leader nick rennie has won the edinburgh east fife back seat of the liberal democrats in fife .
the nobel peace prize is under way in the united states , with the united states of the united states .
two peruvian men have been arrested in peru after a british tourist 's construction site was removed from the site .
the trial of a man convicted of murdering a serial killer in baltimore last year has been adjourned for the first time .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a celtic player who was due to go on trial .
the parents of a three-year-old girl who was hit by a car in kuwait say she is `` unsure if she could receive treatment '' .
a petition calling for the uk to leave the eu should be `` reversed '' , mps have said .
celtic manager brendan rodgers has signed a new three-year deal which will keep him at the club until 2020 .
ajax and manchester united 's premier league club have been cancelled due to a `` critical '' day , the football association has said .
wajda wajda wajda has died at the age of 83 in the capital , poland , aged 93 , his family has said .
the uk 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said she is `` shocked and deeply saddened '' by the killing of reyaad khan in syria .
ed miliband has said he will put the future of wales ' health service in the next five years .
a man has appeared in court charged with possession of cannabis and cannabis plants in the borders of scotland .
rats became the first day of the first concert of the new outdoor festivals concert in dumfries and galloway .
the number of illegal immigrants in calais has been foiled , according to figures obtained by the home office .
police have released images of a man they want to trace in connection with a gun attack in londonderry .
the government has rejected a bill that would allow women to be banned from the eu because of an abortion ban .
a cremation inquiry has been launched into a cremation at a crematorium in shrewsbury , the justice minister has said .
a man has been arrested in connection with an armed robbery at a jewellers ' store in east dunbartonshire .
actress sam williams has apologised for her portrayal of the pageant in the pageant in the us presidential election .
india 's press conference has dropped its final press conference in the us presidential election , according to the central bank of india .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest names in the world .
a memorial service has been launched to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the shoreham air disaster in the west of england .
burnley manager justin vokes says the republic of ireland 's euro 2016 squad should have won the right result in the world cup .
colombian weightlifter [unk] artykov has been suspended for failing a drug test after testing positive for failing a drug test .
premier league leaders chelsea have been relegated from the premier league after winning the final round of the fa cup .
iranian protesters have clashed with pro-russian demonstrators in the afghan capital , kabul , amid reports of fuel prices .
zimbabwe 's opposition activists have accused the government of being exempt from the government 's controversial controversial legislation on cybercrime .
maria bartoli has said she was `` fortunate '' not to retire from tennis at wimbledon because of a knee injury .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man died following a stabbing in a bar in east london .
bt 's new pension schemes could be one of the biggest trends in the world , according to a new report .
floods have killed at least 19 people and injured more than 100 in southern germany , the european commission says .
in the summer of the 2016 olympics , the commonwealth games in rio de janeiro is the biggest event in the history of athletics .
glamorgan chief executive hugh ingram says he is `` fortunate '' not to be reunited with the world twenty20 in 2020 .
top sportswomen 's funding has been `` unacceptable '' and `` unacceptable '' , a survey by the bbc has found .
oil prices have fallen sharply in the first session of the world 's biggest oil and gas and gas firms .
the search for a man who was shot dead in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland has taken place in the republic of ireland .
jamie boyd 's injury-time goal earned kilmarnock a hard-fought win over partick thistle in the premiership 's final round of the league cup .
a police officer who has been accused of threats against him over the murder of a police officer has said she is `` immensely proud '' of her role .
a six-year-old girl has been seriously injured after she was attacked by a dog while she was injured in a suspected arson attack .
safety experts have said they are `` not going to speculate '' in the investigation into the death of a man who died in a plane crash in tasmania .
the government 's plans to build a new railway station in sheffield have been approved by the department for transport -lrb- dft -rrb- .
celebrity big brother banksy has been speaking to the search for the first time in the history of the world 's biggest search engine .
sir andrew marriner is one of the most successful winners in the uk 's history list , the bbc has revealed .
a british backpacker has been found dead at a train track in thailand , the foreign office has said .
republican presidential candidate donald cruz has said he was `` based on their actions '' in the wake of donald cruz 's presidential campaign .
a campaign group has called for the welsh government to scrap plans to scrap plans to allow parents to be criminalised by the welsh government .
a snake has been taken to hospital after a snake was found on a boat off the coast of aberdeen .
a statue of cecil rhodes from south africa has been removed from the campus of the university of cape town .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored his first goal of the season as manchester united came from behind to beat hull city in the premier league .
the westgate shopping centre in south sudan 's capital , nairobi , is one of the biggest challenges in the country 's history .
ukraine 's president vladimir putin has signed a bill that will allow foreigners to ceiling a stakes in the russian capital .
a plaque has been unveiled to raise money for a statue of a woman who has been installed in sheffield .
a new class of prostate cancer has been found in a lab in the uk , scientists have found .
oscar-winning actress [unk] rees has died at the age of 83 , her family has said in her family .
the uk 's supreme court has been told to pay a total of 38 % of school breaks during the first time in a row over school terms .
great britain 's women won gold in the women 's singles at rio 2016 by winning gold in the women 's singles .
three police officers have been arrested in connection with a gang armed robbery at a hotel in paris , police say .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher as investors bet on the ftse 100 index for the first time .
a conservative mp has said he is `` extremely proud '' of his son clifford 's comments about the birth of his son .
the story of the heineken cup is not a big difference for cardiff city and the rest of the season .
london irish earned their first win of the season in a row with a [unk] victory over london irish in the first game of the season .
manchester city have completed the signing of striker wilfried otamendi from premier league rivals manchester city on a five-year deal .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on wednesday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the financial rules .
deaf people in northern ireland have called for the introduction of a new deaf language event in northern ireland .
tours of scotland 's largest street population will be bought by the rest of the year , the bbc has learned .
phil gartside has been elected chairman of southend united 's new chairman of the club 's fa cup final team .
hearts head coach jon levein says the club have a `` tough place '' to leave the club in the premier league .
the world 's best-selling virtual reality headset has been developed by a us researcher in the university of oxford .
the wreckage of a light aircraft that crashed in the mediterranean sea has been transferred to the egyptian port of alexandria , investigators say .
swansea city manager francesco guidolin says he is `` worried '' about the future of the club 's new manager .
tunisia 's president omar al-bashir has been taken to hospital after a deadly bomb attack on a museum in tunisia .
the un 's education committee has called for a `` very welcome endorsement '' in the education system in northern ireland .
plymouth argyle have signed bournemouth defender nelson nelson on loan until the end of the season until the end of the season .
the us economy grew at its fastest pace in three years in december , the us federal reserve has said .
the number of native crayfish in wales has been recorded in wales by 2030 , according to a new report .
liverpool defender mamadou sakho has signed a new four-year contract with the premier league club for an undisclosed doping offence .
it is one of the most important battles in the history of the world 's most famous radio station .
west bromwich albion have appointed pep brom manager as their new head coach until the end of the season .
carrick rangers defender michael carrick has suffered a severely twisted injury in saturday 's world cup qualifier against france .
sussex batsman alex magoffin has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
england captain alastair cook has become the first player to be named in one-day cricket for the first test against west indies .
the demolition of the jungle in calais has arrived at the country 's migrant camp in calais in the first time since the uk voted to leave the uk .
dumfries and galloway council has unveiled a new # 44m project to tackle the problem of bikes and bikes .
sussex have signed sussex seamer [unk] anyon on a two-year deal . end his short-term contract until the end of the 2019 season .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man who died in a crash in cambridge .
bolivia 's agriculture minister , morales morales , has signed a new swarm mission to secure a 500-metre-wide ring in the city of bolivia .
matty taylor scored his 30th goal of the season as mk dons came from behind to beat bristol rovers at the gallagher stadium .
a health board has been ordered to pay # 20,000 towards the health board over a loan surplus , it has been claimed .
rohit hands [unk] remembers the exact moment of a tea stall at the river and ganges fair in glasgow .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- lcc -rrb- is calling for a change in the lcc of the anniversary of the somme .
the wife of a russian tv letter to the us has said he is `` impossible to get along with a book '' .
newport gwent dragons head coach dickinson dickinson says his side must improve their chances of winning their six nations league games .
great britain 's got talent team race snowdon race in the opening day of the track race in snowdon .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was sexually assaulted at a house in somerset and somerset police station .
a 16-year-old boy has been charged with hare coursing in connection with a hare coursing incident in east renfrewshire .
a woman has died following a three-vehicle crash in county down . been named as a number of pedestrians .
mae ' r cymru wedi cadarnhau eu cyhuddo o roi dyn oed yng [unk] yng [unk] wedi cael ei [unk] .
manchester united manager chris eagles says they are `` in the top eight '' as they prepare for the wbbl play-off final .
the centenary of the christmas truce between the isle of man has been unveiled at a private derby in wiltshire .
a woman accused of having sex with a 15-year-old girl has told a jury she was `` not at the minute '' .
it 's a great year - for the first time in the world - and it 's a bit of trouble .
drivers in york are being asked to pay back traffic restrictions on drivers in a bid to reduce the number of people wrongly in coppergate .
in the summer of democratic republic of congo , the ira 's former first minister frank duddy has died at the age of 88 .
it was the biggest single day of the year , but it 's not a fan of the world 's most viral videos .
it is a tale of many of the migrants who are trying to cross the streets of the capital , moria , in the middle of the city of moria .
ipswich town manager paul heckingbottom has said he does not know about the future of the club 's poor form .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a man in a knife attack in glasgow city centre .
england have included sri lanka in saturday 's one-day cup game against pakistan at trent bridge on wednesday , 26 march .
the supreme court has rejected a bid to re-open the supreme court 's decision to re-open the supreme court 's decision to re-open the supreme court .
thousands of people have attended a rally in the venice capital , venice , to visit the city 's largest city of venice .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was shot dead at a primary school in liverpool , police have said .
the national pageant in the philippines has become the most successful national pageant in the world , but it is not the best beauty or national pageant in history .
liverpool 's premier league title challenge is in the premier league , with liverpool looking for their title credentials .
a judge in cleveland has been charged with manslaughter following the deaths of two black women in the us city of cleveland .
great britain 's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 world cup in russia have been dented by reaching the last eight of the world cup .
`` barack obama '' snowden is a state of interest in the afghan presidential election , but there is no doubt that the arab spring is .
youtube has quietly launched a new version of youtube 's internet-connected video counter , gangnam style , and it was also known as the most powerful video count .
defending champion andy murray reached the quarter-finals of the monte carlo open with a 6-4 6-3 win over belgium 's [unk] [unk] .
the body of a man who died after being struck by a car in swansea has been identified by police .
us presidential candidate donald trump has said he is running for the white house in the us presidential election .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the top of the vuelta a espana after stage 13 of the tour de france .
you might think it 's about to connect with undecided voters you do n't know what they want to know about the south east .
south africa 's pharmaceutical chief has banned the sale of whitening creams in africa , the country 's largest pharmaceutical chief has said .
the world championships in east end to the end of this year 's world championships in london on saturday .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has been appointed manager of the premier league club 's fa cup game against real madrid .
england reached the quarter-finals of the champions trophy with a hard-fought win over france in the women 's world cup .
matt taylor 's century helped gloucestershire to a four-wicket win over gloucestershire in the first day of the county championship .
the welsh government is refusing to publish details of the welsh government 's decision to publish the results of internal audits , the welsh conservatives have said .
a medieval philosophy festival in duns has gone on display for the first time in more than 70 years .
munster and munster centre paul o'connell have been named as the new head coach of the irish and irish lions .
a 12-year-old girl was forced to leave a land rover after a suspected sex attack on a land rover , police have said .
a group of migrants who escaped from a railway station in the austrian capital , vienna , have returned home to austria .
us writer and poet frank collins has died at the age of 83 , her family has said in the us .
tottenham have completed the signing of borussia monchengladbach winger adama bentaleb from german club [unk] for an undisclosed fee .
a hospital 's treatment unit has been hired by a hospital after inspectors found it at a hired mobile unit .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in south belfast in the early hours of sunday .
league two side accrington stanley have signed afc bournemouth striker jayden hollands for the rest of the season , subject to international clearance .
a number of people in the syrian city of aleppo have been attacked by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in northern syria .
england captain michael pietersen has revealed his retirement from international cricket with a view of his limited-overs cricket career .
us president [unk] choi has apologised for scuffles with a woman who fell for a second time in the us state of seoul .
a number of people have been arrested after a woman was found with serious injuries at a house in oxford .
the summer transfer window closed in england and wales in june on saturday , 1 march , as they prepare for the women 's super league .
a canadian man has been arrested in turkey for allegedly insulting president recep tayyip erdogan , the lawyer says .
prime minister david cameron has called for the uk to leave the european union if it wins the eu referendum .
the death of a cyclist who was killed in an accident involving a car and a motor vehicle , the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said .
us president donald trump has said he is `` deeply sorry '' about his investigation into donald trump 's campaign .
more than half of people in the uk are being persuaded to pay their medical treatment , a charity has warned .
stoke-on-trent ground site has been put up for sale for the first time since the collapse of the victoria ground site .
activity in the uk 's manufacturing sector rose by 0.6 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
the culture secretary has told the bbc 's decision to allow a civil offence licence fee should be scrapped during charter review discussions .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street closed higher on friday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of china 's stock market .
a bin lorry which crashed in glasgow 's millennium hotel on monday may have been issued at 12 noon on monday , the bbc understands .
if you want to know about the future of the harry potter breed , you might think you might think about the future of the internet ?
oldham athletic have signed french striker [unk] kante on a season-long loan deal from premier league rivals french side the portuguese club .
hibernian have appointed alan stubbs as their new manager on a two-year contract . ' place . said , as the club 's new head coach .
oil prices have fallen sharply on tuesday , as oil prices dropped sharply in the wake of donald trump 's administration .
a fire at a waste processing plant in greater manchester has been suspended after a fire broke out at the site .
the head of pembrokeshire council has been sacked over allegations of historical child sex abuse , a report has found .
a council has apologised after a number of complaints errors were sent to medway council offices during a security breach .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the heart of the pakistani city of quetta .
lionel neville 's first goal of the season was enough to give barcelona victory over espanyol in the final game of the copa del rey .
huddersfield giants have signed [unk] [unk] from coventry city on a one-year contract . of the 2017-18 season 's summer .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been shot dead by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the us , us media report .
a new [unk] has been reunited with the help of a woman who died in a fall from a cycling cycling club .
in the wake of donald trump 's decision to leave the eu , there is no doubt that he will be the next president of the eu .
it 's been a tale of the world 's most famous players , but it is n't only one of the world 's most recognisable players in the world .
train passengers at a high-speed rail station are to blame for delays on the sea wall , the company has said .
welsh secretary alun cairns has said he is `` focused on '' the uk 's membership of the uk 's membership of the european union .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and reuters , who have attended a bbc music festival in leicester .
a lifeboat service in the borders has been cancelled due to a lack of funds for the st abbs station .
the father of cardinal george brady has said he is `` hurt and pain '' in the wake of the child abuse scandal .
plans to build a new whitesands flood protection scheme in dumfries and galloway have been given the go-ahead by the local authority .
a minibus driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in north wales , north wales police said .
schools in england are being allowed to employ people who have not qualified as teachers , a union has warned .
the trial of bo xilai has been cleared of bribery and corruption charges , the bbc has learned , following the trial of bo xilai .
defending champion serena venus has been knocked out of the world slam singles with a [unk] win in the first round of the australian open .
the father of a us man accused of breaking his drone videos has been expelled from the federal aviation authority .
gas prices in the uk are `` less reliant on fossil fuels '' , according to a report from a cambridge university report .
plans to centralise welsh-medium education in powys and south powys have been rejected by councillors in a bid to save welsh-medium education .
flights between the channel islands and the netherlands have been cancelled due to bad weather conditions in the netherlands .
the age of 11 is a `` worrying gap '' in schools in england and wales , ofsted inspectors have said .
the family of a vulnerable child in tower hamlets have been told they will not be allowed to undergo a foster carer .
the supreme court is hearing a case of gun ownership for people convicted of domestic violence in the high court in london .
hull city manager chris davies says the club 's signings are `` not good enough '' , says manager lee davies .
a man has been found not guilty of the manslaughter of a man who died after falling into a lake 's lake .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a woman 's body was found at a house in port talbot .
britain 's andy murray says he wo n't be ready to play at the end of the aegon championships in london next month .
yum restaurant provider yum has reported a big jump in profits for the first three months of the year .
it is a storm that takes place in the us city of crouch in january , but it is not a storm .
thousands of people have attended a demonstration against plans for a new site in falmouth on monday night , the town 's university has said .
swansea city manager john cameron says his side 's checkatrade trophy trophy is `` too far for a first team environment '' .
there is no doubt that oil prices are less likely to have a lot of work , but it 's not seen anything .
hearts head coach guy oshaniwa says he has a `` big step '' in signing hearts for the rest of the season .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher as investors waited for the rest of the european union .
the opening hour-long episode of the opening hour-long episode of the opening hour-long episode of the show has been revealed .
a tree in suffolk has been reunited with its owner after a customer was caught on camera by a chip shop .
a murder investigation has been launched following the death of a woman who was found in a flat in west yorkshire .
the average premium car insurance tax rise in the third quarter of 2012 has risen by almost # 10 a year , the aa has said .
a plaque has been unveiled at swansea 's edward bowen , the founder of mp edward bowen , who has died at the age of 88 .
britain 's johanna konta is out of the 2017 singles final with a hard-fought win over australia 's camila azarenka .
the labour leadership commission has accused labour of `` pit closures '' in the wake of a smoking ban on its lives .
at least 14 people have been killed in a fire and bomb blast in bulgaria 's capital bulgaria , officials say .
the ukrainian government has said it will observe a ceasefire deal between russia and the ukrainian and russian governments in the east .
an eight-year-old boy has been reunited with her daughter after she was spotted by a supermarket while on holiday in york .
labour leader ed miliband has accused the labour party of making a `` major initiative '' in the party 's leadership .
the final episode of the final series of the rape of trish winterman in dorset has been described as `` emotional '' .
the obama administration has called for a visit to islamic state militants in syria , in the first visit to syria .
a theatre in kent is to undergo a # 1m project to build a new theatre in the capital 's grounds of alexandra palace .
a man has been found guilty of raping and indecently assaulting a young girl in a confession in fife .
lee barclay says glasgow warriors ' success in the scarlets world cup will be a `` unbelievable '' moment .
scotland manager gordon strachan has urged his players to be `` more potent than the right '' when they face nigeria in saturday 's world cup qualifier .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in the middle east and the capital of the capital of the capital , harare .
a man has been arrested after an elephant was released of a circus in heidelberg , heidelberg , police say .
a british man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in india 's capital delhi .
two men have been charged with fraud after a number of women were sexually assaulted and were assaulted in cardiff .
the former chairman of scarborough football club has said he is `` coming home '' to pay for a homecoming fixture .
aid agencies in the syrian city of darayya should be allowed to carry out aid convoys , the united nations ' security council has said .
hearts have been told to pay more than # 3m for the # 3m stand of the football association 's decision to waive her loan from the club .
former wales captain sir gareth edwards has died at the age of 83 , his family has announced . his 100th birthday .
a troubled sports centre in mansfield has been cancelled due to concerns over the impact of its leisure centre .
prime minister david cameron has said he will not resign as labour leader in the wake of the resignation of david cameron .
at least 14 people have been killed and dozens wounded in a maritime attack on a ship off the sinai peninsula , egyptian officials say .
google 's nhs trust has been accused of breaking nhs rules by the nhs in england and wales , it has been claimed .
mary kom , the world 's bestselling boxer , has unveiled a new film about the indian ocean , the world 's biggest film .
a woman 's history has been raised by the history of a woman who has been born at home in her home in childbirth , a court has heard .
a woman who found a toy rabbit in the gates of a toy carriage has called for a change in the house of commons .
gillingham have signed striker isaac emmanuel-thomas on a two-year deal following his release by league two rivals cardiff city .
food inspectors in the uk are using visual checks to help tackle the risk of harmful bacteria , according to a new report .
carlisle united have signed defender brandon comley on loan from league one rivals carlisle united for an undisclosed fee .
wales winger ashley williams will be fit to face wales in saturday 's world cup warm-up match in cardiff .
the death of a woman whose body was found in a canal in rochdale is being treated as murder , police have said .
police forces in iran have launched a crackdown on iran 's islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in the country 's capital .
torquay united have signed leyton orient midfielder [unk] [unk] on a one-year deal . end his season on 1 july .
manchester united 's premier league match against manchester united has been postponed because of a fake explosive left in a toilet .
a man has been seriously injured after he was attacked by a group of armed men in glasgow city centre .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he will talk about his future in the club 's next move to cardiff city .
in the wake of the general election campaign , is the biggest political figure in the history of the uk 's general election .
the bbc has been accused of a `` disgraceful '' sexual exploitation case against a teacher , the bbc has learned .
google has bought a spoon of a spoon designed to prevent it developing a cheap hiv test in the uk .
the population of northern ireland will rise by 4 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
comparison firm ford has reported a big jump in profits for the first three months of the year in the us .
a man has been seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run crash in londonderry , police have said in a car crash .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have shot dead a number of attacks in the syrian city of tripoli .
manchester united have agreed a deal to sell the club to a record # 3m tax fee , bbc radio manchester understands .
a man has died following a crash in rhondda cynon taff , scotland yard has told bbc radio scotland .
`` it 's like me i 'm going to print a giant vegetable ' , '' said sir menzies campbell in the early 1960s of the uk .
reading 's winless run extended to 10 matches as they were held to a goalless draw by 10-man fulham .
ali ali is one of the most influential players in the history of the world 's most famous man .
a venezuelan man has gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle drugs into the us into the us .
a # 1bn tidal energy grid has been showcased at a tidal energy grid in the centre of glasgow .
north korea 's president , kim jong-un , has been suspended from the united states for a second time .
tottenham have completed the signing of striker roberto soldado from valencia on a free transfer . completed a three-year deal .
miranda hart has become the first celebrity to win the third series of the third series of the year .
a number of roads in limavady , county antrim , are continuing to cause flooding following torrential rain , forecasters have said .
league two side rochdale have re-signed tranmere rovers midfielder jack dale on loan until the end of the season .
joe leach made his first century of the season as worcestershire took control on day two against worcestershire at chester-le-street .
you might think you want to know about the future of the formula 1 season and you want to know about the future .
brad bradbury has confirmed he has died at the age of 71 , his family has said . passed his time in the world of music .
a former head teacher has been ordered to pay more than # 14,000 in damages after admitting a string of historical sex offences .
anthony joshua says he is `` obsessed '' with his reputation as he attempts to defend his ibf world heavyweight title bout against wladimir klitschko .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at some of the stories .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in manchester .
north korea 's president kim jong-un has said he is `` no business as usual '' as he seeks to build a missile test .
st mirren have signed st mirren midfielder jack clarkson on loan until the end of the season , with the option of a further 12 months .
a man has appeared in court charged with breaching a sex offence scam and police investigating a suspected child .
scotland 's wind turbine business is being trialled by the korean firm behind its plans for a new wind turbine plant .
a woman who said she was `` not good enough or white enough '' has been sacked after she was refused entry to the club .
police in australia say they have discovered a new greeting on the site of a paedophile site in australia .
london 's axel springer says it is buying axel springer , the company behind the company 's ability to buy business .
the world 's elephants are currently in crisis , according to a new report by the office for national statistics -lrb- centenarians -rrb- .
russian rapper [unk] sukhbaatar has been attacked by a russian court after he was shot dead by a russian court .
the australian publisher fairfax fairfax has said it will cut 125 editorial jobs as part of its restructuring plans .
it 's a tale of us president-elect donald trump 's campaign for the us presidential election campaign in the us presidential election .
sinn féin 's deputy leader gerry foster has said she is `` pessimistic '' about the welfare reform bill .
the royal navy is launching a defence review of the royal navy 's defence budget , the royal navy has said .
a man has been arrested after a man was arrested in connection with a complaint made by a vicar .
a therapeutic battery that allows patients to treat type-2 diabetes has been trialled by the us federal communications commission -lrb- gsk -rrb- .
dundee united have signed aberdeen winger david goodwillie for a club record fee of # [unk] m. signed a two-year contract .
pope francis has called the christmas message for christmas in a christmas eve mass in a christmas eve day .
a drug has been used to tackle hiv in the lab in australia , scientists have said , after a study found the drug used to detect hiv .
blackburn rovers manager lee akpan has been charged with misconduct by the football association for failing to control their players .
celtic manager ronny deila has urged his players to have a `` very very good chance '' for the club 's europa league campaign .
sony pictures has been showing off the latest film about the sequel of the sony pictures , the bbc has learned .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of edinburgh to mark the 90th anniversary of glasgow 's boat race .
a 16-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of a 15-year-old girl who was sexually assaulted by a policeman .
kieron cadogan scored twice as sutton united came from behind to beat north ferriby in the fa cup fourth round .
worcester city have appointed former torquay united manager lee gordon as their new head coach on a three-year deal .
prime minister david cameron has said the eu referendum vote in the eu referendum could be portrayed by the eu 's decision to allow the uk to leave the eu .
swansea city have appointed former swansea city boss alan curtis as their new manager on a two-year deal . end .
the christmas day swim are being held across the uk for the first time in more than six years , according to safety advice .
a alert at truro 's hospital hospital has been closed because of an outbreak of an outbreak of norovirus .
ukip leader nigel hookem has said he is `` moving forward '' about the future of the uk leaving the eu .
former hbos chief executive peter green has been suspended from the financial conduct authority -lrb- hbos -rrb- , the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- has said .
great british sailors hannah nixon and sophie nixon were out for the world championships by reaching the semi-final of the women 's world championships .
google 's communications watchdog has launched a new tv unit that allows users to use the 30-second ad on video content .
coronation street has won the soap 's top soap prize for the first time in the history of the year .
a baby marmoset monkeys has been rescued from a zoo in sydney , australia after a baby girl was found dead .
dr congo striker pierre-emerick afobe has been included in the england squad for the 2017 africa cup of nations in gabon .
super league club bradford bulls have been cleared of breaching the rugby football federation 's decision to stay in the club .
aberdeen manager lee thompson says derek `` deserve enormous credit for the club '' after his side reached the last eight of the scottish premiership .
real madrid manager gareth gutierrez says he is happy to prove he can still be a premier league player .
a man has been charged with the murder of seven-year-old katie holmes , who has been shot dead in a cinema in the capital .
traffic lights are to be removed from a busy road in somerset after the collapse of a a361 road .
swansea city centre is to be demolished after councillors approved plans to regenerate a new civic centre in the city .
middlesex 's batsmen struggled in the first day of the county championship with a [unk] win over middlesex at chester-le-street .
police investigating the suspected islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in iraq say they have arrested an 18-year-old student .
a man has died following a stabbing at a house in coleraine , county antrim , police have said .
he 's seen as indian prime minister and prime minister narendra modi 's first visit to the indian prime minister narendra modi .
league two club oldham athletic have been suspended by the rearranged fa cup for the first time after drawing a 0-0 draw with oldham athletic .
the pound has hit the uk 's biggest stock market in recent weeks , with the pound seeing the biggest fall in the eu referendum result .
a british soldier has been sentenced to 18 days in prison after a protest against the detention of soldiers .
a man 's body has been found with serious injuries after a man was found with serious injuries in a street in buckinghamshire .
the chairman of the isle of wight 's conservative party has said he is `` busy working towards the general election '' .
oil price bg group -lrb- bg -rrb- has said it is `` no change '' to its view on the offer of the firm bg group .
the world 's first samuel johnson prize has been honoured by judges at the university of berkeley , california .
a woman has told a murder trial she was `` gong '' to have sex with her killer robert howard .
the department of justice has said it will not disclose details of how much money has been made under the terms of violence in belfast .
when islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- fighters in the eastern libyan city of mosul , a few people have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
a large fire has broken out at a wood recycling firm in bridgend county for the first time in a fire .
league one side crawley town have signed striker conor henderson on a free transfer following his release by hull city .
chancellor george osborne has said the government is `` very concerned '' about the impact of the levy on apprenticeships in england and wales .
hong kong 's official leader xi jinping arrived in the capital xi jinping on a visit to hong kong .
the government is launching a new law to help protect trees in the uk and the republic of ireland .
two men have been arrested in connection with a plot to kill a suspected islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group in iraq , police have said .
matt hemed headed a late winner as brighton came from behind to beat huddersfield town and move into the championship play-off places .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman and her friend in a knife attack in durham .
tottenham will not be charged with fielding midfielder arter sissoko after he was charged with membership of the premier league club .
novak djokovic lost to japan 's gustavo [unk] in the second round of the rogers cup in montreal . died .
alex pritchard 's late goal earned norwich city a draw against preston north end and move three points clear at the top of the championship .
australian scientists have discovered that the dinosaurs have discovered a new species of bones , according to us scientists .
the agriculture sector is `` very concerned '' about the impact of climate change , according to a new report .
welsh secretary stephen crabb has said he wants to keep wales at the labour party conference in cardiff on wednesday .
the mother of a child who was born with nz$ 1m has said he was `` literally pumping '' the air .
a new forest of dean 's hidden gems has been given the go-ahead by the government and the environment agency -lrb- ea -rrb- .
scientists have developed a clever way in the atmosphere in the space of the earth 's surface underground , in a survey by scientists .
the rig transocean winner has been cancelled due to concerns about the rig transocean winner in the isle of man .
the met police have said they are `` shocked and saddened '' by a group of men armed with knives and a gun .
there is a sense of frustration at stormont in northern ireland in the wake of the terror attack in northern ireland .
alfreton town have signed defender joel mooney from fellow league one side oldham athletic on a two-year deal . end .
great britain 's katie chambers and sophie fletcher have progressed to fourth place at the european rowing championships in belgrade .
the welsh government 's flagship anti-poverty policy is being considered by the welsh government , the welsh government has said .
the family of a man who died in a car crash in the early hours of the morning have paid tribute to his `` much loved son '' .
the government 's announcement that the government 's decision to leave the eu is a `` main mechanism '' to promote britain 's exit from the eu .
fly-half dan sexton says he is fit for the first test against maori all blacks in wellington on saturday .
southampton city council has been told to pay hundreds of millions of pounds a day of applying for a licence because of a lack of funding .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is `` open to listening '' to the club 's all-time leading goalscorer .
the republic of chile 's flag campaign has sparked outrage in texas and texas , with the organisers calling it `` a refreshing breath of bipartisanship '' .
britain 's alexander del potro beat rival andy del potro in the first round of the aegon championships in london .
legal guidelines have been issued for the first time in a row over fines and littering in kent , the local authority has said .
a man has been suspended from the welsh rugby football union -lrb- wru -rrb- following a series of conduct .
four malaysian tourists have been sentenced to four months detention sentences for a total of $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] m -rrb- from a malaysian court .
a woman accused of sexually abusing three young girls has told a court they were `` raping me '' .
`` i have fond memories of playing football , but it was n't going on the march '' , but he 's going on the brink of becoming a goalkeeper .
bangladesh 's government has expressed concern over the killing of two gay men in the us state of bangladesh .
the risk of chronic pain and depression is chronic pain and depression , according to a study from the university of edinburgh .
worcestershire seamer james shantry has signed a new contract with the county until the end of the 2019 season .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's most specialised doctors .
chancellor george osborne has said the chancellor 's plans to raise more than # 60m from the treasury will help fund a new surcharge on mortgage payments .
an inquiry into historical sex abuse in northern ireland has been launched by the police and crime commissioner -lrb- inquiry -rrb- .
premier league side arsenal have signed arsenal defender alex right-back for the rest of the season , subject to international clearance .
manchester united manager louis pogba has been named as the new manager of the football association 's list of directors .
a meeting at the semiramis hotel in damascus has been held in the capital , damascus , to discuss the future of the baath party .
a column of shining path in the peruvian city of the peruvian peruvian has been kidnapped by the army , the army says .
a 16-year-old girl has been charged with a series of sexual assault and a 15-year-old girl in greater manchester .
a woman in the us state of periscope has live-streamed her suicide from a social media app , saying it is `` like putting a suicide '' .
a hospital provider has been sacked after failing to run a hospital where a patient was diagnosed with a `` popular hospital '' .
china 's president xi jinping has called for a `` top priority '' in the country 's economic crisis .
japan 's [unk] shillington has become the first irish player to score a twenty20 hundred in the first half of the 2017 twenty20 international .
britain 's olympic gold medal winner regis mitchell-blake has won the prestigious olympic gold medal at the track cycling world championships in louisiana .
sunderland midfielder sam johnson has been suspended for three weeks by the premier league club for a fee of about # 10m .
a woman has been jailed for 12 months for a total of 16 years for money from a court in dumfries and galloway .
paediatric first aid courses for paediatric first aid courses will be trained in a national review , a coroner has ruled .
palace striker marcus keane has been ruled out of england 's world cup qualifier against malta on saturday . called for the rest of the season .
the husband of a human rights group in azerbaijan has been sentenced to seven years in prison for treason .
manchester city manager jose mourinho has been charged by the football association for failing to reach the fa cup .
a former football footballer has been found guilty of the murder of his former partner at a hotel room in california .
at least 12 people have been killed and more than 150 injured in a suicide attack in the north-eastern nigerian city of maiduguri , witnesses say .
nick miliband has said he wants to leave the landscape `` carved '' in the last remaining uk politics .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and videos : `` ufo '' - they 're missing .
team sky 's hopes of qualifying for the final of the tour de france were dashed as they beat french [unk] boasson hagen to win the tour de france .
tottenham manager arsene wenger said he was `` struggling to see a passport '' in his potential to win the republic of ireland 's all-time leading goalscorer .
a man who died after being hit by a car in rhondda cynon taff has been named by police .
manchester united manager jose mourinho said he was `` ready to make their own mistakes '' as manchester united manager .
it is a simple campaign for pharmacies and community pharmacies in england and wales , but it is not enough to do the same .
norwich city manager alex neil has urged his players to avoid relegation from the premier league final after beating norwich city .
burton albion came from behind to beat burton albion in the first round of the fa cup at loftus road .
cameras have been installed at a north wales police station in a bid to save money for the first time .
cardiff city football club has said it is `` highly insolvent '' by the financial conduct of the club 's owners .
giant panda ying ying is to be born in hong kong in the first part of the birth of the womb .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a 71-year-old woman in a flat in oxford .
matt berry 's second-half goal earned cambridge united a draw at cambridge united in the league one play-off race .
apple has filed a patent against apple for the first time in a row over its use of apple 's products .
luis pique says real madrid can stay at the top of the premier league after winning the madrid derby .
a man has been arrested after a man was left with serious head injuries after he was struck by a car .
the funeral of former leeds rhinos manager harry jepson has been marked with a service to mark his 90th birthday .
isle of man gary martin has been named as the winner of the 2016 ulster grand prix of the year .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it is `` getting rid of land '' in the housing and public services in the uk .
aston villa have signed former premier league striker demba cole from premier league rivals aston villa on a free transfer .
swindon town defender danny williams has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda varadkar has said he is `` honest '' about the irish independent welfare fraud .
us president donald trump has said he is `` making plenty of deals '' in the wake of donald trump 's election campaign .
a search has been held for victims of a landslide in the eastern city of the city of londonderry .
johanna kerber missed out on a place in the first round of the australian open as she attempts to reach the second round of the rogers cup .
northern ireland 's transport minister has said there is `` far more consensus '' in the uk government 's decision to allow border posts in northern ireland .
a mural worth up to # [unk] has been stolen from a garden in haringey , county tyrone , the bbc has learnt .
the quiet man , the world 's oldest film , has been shot dead by the irish prime minister justin trudeau .
somali islamist militant group al-shabab has fired tear gas at a training facility in the capital , mogadishu , it has been claimed .
uefa president michel pohorecki has urged uefa to co-host the 2020 european championship to co-host the 2020 european championship .
motown hart is returning to the stage for the first time since returning to the park in los angeles on saturday .
archaeologists have discovered a new way to locate a tree that was used as a `` wall '' for the first time .
the number of people with diabetes in wales is `` very real danger of diabetes devastating '' , a charity has said .
a copy of a mystery photographer has been shared in a garden in memory of his wife , the national trust has said .
axiom legal firm axiom has announced plans to create up to 450 jobs in northern ireland and northern ireland .
sam baldock 's late goal earned brighton 's first win of the season as they beat wolverhampton wanderers to go top of the championship .
london welsh cup holders london knights have been called off because of uncertainty over london 's future , says the rugby football union .
real madrid have been banned from the world 's top tier of the year for the first time in a row .
primary school pupils in scotland have been asked to take part in a # [unk] project to tackle diseases such as cancer .
two men have been arrested in london on suspicion of terror offences , the metropolitan police has said , as part of a crackdown on terrorism .
the welsh government has been urged to take part in a ballot by the welsh government if they are allowed to take part in the ballot .
ben parkinson 's disease is `` absolutely bouncing and buoyed '' and `` bouncing '' and `` bouncing and buoyed '' by the brain , according to a charity .
ruth murray has been elected the snp 's deputy leader in the house of commons , the scottish national party -lrb- snp -rrb- leader .
a `` neglected exotic pet '' has been found in a wooded area in wiltshire , rspca cymru has said .
northern ireland 's biggest oil company has announced it will bring a step change in its belfast air service .
wales is `` very surprised '' by the rollout of superfast broadband speeds , welsh secretary alun smith has said .
a workplace pension is being used as a result of a pension plan , the pensions minister has said .
police officers in england and wales have asked the home office for overtime bill overtime bill overtime bill overtime payments .
at least nine people have been killed and more than 150 injured in a suspected suicide attack on a building site in kabul 's capital kabul , officials say .
australian james garbutt has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury in saturday 's world cup qualifier against italy .
the world 's elephants have been celebrating the achievements of olympic gold medals at the rio olympics in rio de janeiro .
eastenders is asking the public to open its doors for the first time in a row over the use of the `` explosive '' .
police officers involved in a police investigation into the body of a man who died after being struck by a taser , an inquest has been told .
cardiff city manager russell slade says he will be out for sunday 's six games of the season after suffering a groin injury .
a breakthrough in the construction of the crossrail project has been completed by the queen 's civil engineering programme .
the rmt union has said it will be `` retaining a second person on board '' after talks with hong kong trains .
britain 's four-time world champion sir chris chilton says he is `` brutally concerned '' about his future as he continues his recovery from injury .
the company behind the sale of two michelin tyres has been announced by the company behind the company 's tyres .
wigan warriors head coach mike smith says his side must win the super league final after they beat wolves in the final game of the season .
in the wake of the us game of the united states , you might have seen anything quite like it when it comes to football .
a runner who became the first briton to win a london marathon has said she will never forget her final attempt .
batman 's ed hughes has been treated in hospital after being hit by a bouncer by a bouncer in australia .
the wreck of a sunken chinese sailor has been unveiled by archaeologists in the western indian city of zheng .
a mother has told a court he was `` curious '' questions about ryan 's condition hours hours before he died , a court has heard .
global temperatures are likely to grow into the deep waters of the pacific ocean , according to scientists in the us .
a new study has suggested the world 's food security is `` growing up '' in the future of the world 's environment .
greece has rejected a proposal to request the parthenon sculptures of the parthenon sculptures of the parthenon sculptures in greece .
cardiff city manager russell slade says he does not believe the club will not be allowed to leave the club .
a council leader has been suspended for three months after being ruled out of the code of conduct in public office .
the european parliament 's finance committee has called for the levy on cyprus to protect the country 's bank customers .
rugby league 's bottom club newcastle falcons have been relegated from the premier league after being relegated from the brink of extinction .
us president donald trump 's administration has filed a lawsuit against president donald trump , which has been linked to the white house .
manchester united have named a new manager at the end of the season to take charge of the champions league .
canada 's postal service is to shut its doors as part of a major overhaul of the cost of postage stamps .
french presidential candidate francois fillon has been placed under formal investigation over the alleged misuse of eu funds , french media report .
australia 's prime minister david turnbull has called for a ban on offshore centres in the pacific island of nauru .
first minister carwyn jones has said the welsh government is `` more important than ever '' in the uk .
the scottish government has agreed a deal to allow the scottish parliament to secure an agreement with the scottish parliament .
plans for a new coal-fired power station in west yorkshire have been approved by the government and the secretary of state .
activity in china 's manufacturing sector has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to official figures .
a former junior minister has been found guilty of the communal riots in india 's capital , gujarat state .
a naval service has been held in france to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the death of a british soldier .
the giant panda tian tian has died at the age of 88 , the royal institute of scotland has said .
the speaker of italy 's parliament has been suspended after he was suspended for insulting members of the government .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and reuters - have been released for the charity festival of scotland .
in our series of letters from around the world , many of the world 's biggest technology firms are getting their smartphone .
levels of e.coli have been found at a factory in argyll and bute , a council has been told .
china 's environmental ministry has issued an arrest warrant for 10 cities in the wake of the smog crash in nanjing .
taylor swift has been named the best album of her album , according to forbes ' annual list of the year .
saudi arabia has accused the uk government of trying to carry out arms sales to saudi arabia after the uk voted to leave the arms trade .
the bank of the bank of november has voted to cut the bank of the uk 's banking system .
have you ever wondered what happens when you 're going to school musical instruments , you might want to know about your stories .
donegal reached the quarter-finals of the all-ireland all-ireland division thanks to a thrilling [unk] victory over donegal in dublin .
israel 's parliament has approved plans to restrict the use of marijuana from the drug 's use of the drug .
talktalk has reported increased revenues of up to # [unk] m in the first three months of the year to 31 march .
franck petricola has died at the scene of a crash on the isle of man , scotland yard has confirmed .
three families have been found guilty of the manslaughter of a mother and daughter at a wales hospital in south wales .
the family of a turkish student who went missing in bangladesh say they have been `` devastated '' by his family .
great britain 's judoka judoka will compete at the 2020 games in rio on saturday , according to the team 's world champion .
the world 's biggest air pollution buildings will be built in the chinese city of nanjing later this month .
a vicar has been jailed for 12 years for a string of sex offences against children and extreme images of children .
chelsea came from behind to beat sunderland and move up to fourth place in the premier league with victory over 10-man sunderland .
aberdeen continued their europa league campaign with a deserved victory over apollon limassol in the europa league final on saturday .
dozens of shops in venezuela have been targeted in looting and looting shortages in the capital , officials say .
a woman has been found not guilty of posting a picture of a `` racist '' comment on social media .
north korea 's chief prosecutor kenneth bae special agent bae special has been returned to the us embassy in north korea .
leicestershire seamer james keogh took northants to their division two match against northants on day three of the county championship match at northamptonshire .
in the wake of the 7 july uprising in the capital , ankara , a [unk] region of russian president recep tayyip erdogan , is a `` big tragedy '' in the middle east .
more than 40 people have been arrested in connection with a suspected cannabis operation in gloucestershire , police have said .
there is no doubt that the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- is the main nationalist leader of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
ospreys and wales have both won their first pro12 match of the season in the first qualifying round of the 2016-17 season .
the death of a russian whistleblower who died in russia last month was `` involved in the murder '' , an inquiry has heard .
emmanuel feyisa , the world 's longest-reigning monarch , has died at the age of 84 in the capital , ethiopia .
world number one rory mcilroy is three shots off the lead after round two of the arnold palmer invitational at st andrews .
cannabis plants worth more than # 150,000 have been seized in caerphilly county , police have said as the `` use '' of heroin .
three men have been arrested in connection with slavery and slavery offences in west midlands and the midlands on friday .
the state pension age is being hit by a shortage of the state pension , according to new figures .
a lorry driver has been killed and another injured in a crash on a house in exeter city centre .
an easyjet flight from bristol to bristol has been diverted to bristol after a `` strong smell '' , an easyjet has said .
a man has appeared in court charged with touching a boy in connection with the death of a man in custody .
indian security forces are reported to have been killed in shelling in disputed areas of indian-administered kashmir , indian officials say .
a man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a man in a suspected condition in hospital .
plans to build a new park on the world heritage site have been approved by dorset university to mark the 150th anniversary of the heart attack .
jeremy corbyn has said he will `` go further further '' to support the government 's plans to expand rail services in england .
a council has won a case against a local authority over its refusal to allow children in england and wales .
the demolition of a hospital in rhondda cynon taff is due to begin on friday . ruled out of the future of the project .
the mother of a seven-year-old boy who went missing in malaysia has said she is `` a vanishing twin '' .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a synthetic cannabinoid at a spice spice in rochdale .
northern ireland international paddy jones has signed a new three-year contract with the county championship division two side after just two months .
the parents of terminally-ill charlie gard say they have been asked to intervene in the high court in the case of charlie gard .
st johnstone have signed defender stephen craig from championship rivals hibernian on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a dundee mp has been asked to co-operate with a formal prosecution request from the crown prosecution service -lrb- saltire -rrb- .
a lorry driver has admitted causing the death of a mother and her three-year-old son who died in a car crash .
guinea qualified for the africa cup of nations quarter-finals with a 1-0 win over guinea in johannesburg . go to the quarter-finals .
typhoon winds caused by torrential rain and winds caused by torrential rain and winds caused by torrential rain and storms across china .
taylor swift has won the 2015 brit awards in the us , with thousands of people around the world .
more than half a million people have been treated using accommodation in wales to help tackle housing problems , a charity has said .
paul downton has appointed former england captain paul downton as their new head of cricket by the end of the year .
zayn malik has said he will not be able to return to the uk for the rest of the year .
the death of a former north korean leader , kim jong , has returned to malaysia , the chinese foreign ministry has said .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in a residential house in londonderry .
thousands of people have attended a vigil in dublin to remember the victims of the battle of the somme .
academy trusts in england have been `` rash and dangerous '' by the education watchdog , according to a think tank .
the nhs in england should be permitted without breaching cabinet office figures , the bbc has learned . emerged .
the daughter of a british woman who has been detained in yemen for the release of her release from prison has been released .
dylan thomas has become the first city of culture in the world to become the next city of culture .
a number of 111 airstrikes in iraq have been killed in a series of action by uk air strikes , according to new figures .
sri lanka seamer [unk] herath has been ruled out for the rest of the world twenty20 with a shoulder injury .
the deaths of a number of people in the uk have been found , police have said in the wake of the death .
sailings between caledonian macbrayne and caledonian macbrayne have been cancelled due to the evacuation of the royal navy , caledonian macbrayne has said .
rescue operations in the indian capital , mumbai , have been badly damaged by a building collapsed , police say .
a man has died after a lorry hit a lorry in kent , prompting a police appeal to trace the witnesses .
the sight of human difficile is a problem for human difficile . ' place in the us , in a few hours before the end of day .
a measles outbreak in neath port talbot has left five children orphaned and spread to the mmr virus , public health wales has said .
prison officers in bristol have been told to respond to a `` long way '' in the wake of the death of a number of staff .
aberdeen captain lewis hamilton has signed a new three-year contract with the league two club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
the opposition has been accused of trying to expand his electoral base in the capital , chechnya , in the first few days before the end of the year .
edinburgh city council has voted to introduce a 20mph network over the city 's roads . phase of the next two years .
the first phase of the first phase of the first phase of a new tourism project in saudi arabia have begun .
newport county manager jim foxall says the club 's players are `` an uplift in their mood '' , according to chairman ralph foxall .
victims of crime in england and wales have been told they will be enshrined in law , the bbc has learned .
the department of defence has resigned in the wake of the nominations for the department of duty -lrb- unanimous -rrb- .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have captured control of the syrian city of dumeir , near the city of dumeir in north-western lebanon , reports say .
a former education chief has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for abusing boys at a council 's education department .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the impact of the manchester attack .
mclaren have rejected accusations from formula 1 boss bernie bottas 's decision to drive him to the 2009 of the world 's world champion .
the man who carried out an attack on a police camp in manchester was a `` cold , calculated terrorist '' , a court has heard .
a former oil company has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of embezzlement and embezzlement .
falkirk defender tony houston says he is `` 100 % certain speculation '' he could have signed a bid for his team 's bid for the premier league title .
gatwick airport is considering three options for expanding airport provision in south-east england , the airports commission has said .
a police officer has been charged with the murder of a woman who died in a suspected sex attack .
local authorities in england have been warned they could continue to be `` financially sustainable '' , a report has found .
england 's recent recent euro 2016 campaign was enough to give england their first win of the euro 2016 qualifying campaign .
the remains of the remains of a [unk] in the uk have been found on a beach in [unk] , county down .
it was the day that a young banker who had been diagnosed with a knife at a suitcase in the village of the village of the village of the village in hong kong has been reunited with his drugs .
libya 's president has urged the government to back a un arms embargo against libya over the next few days .
britain 's bianca asher-smith won gold at the heptathlon world championships in london with victory in the heptathlon at the rio olympics .
anthony frampton won the wba lightweight title with a unanimous points decision on his return to the world heavyweight title in birmingham .
in the summer of the year , tata seemed to be a big part of the indian ocean and steel industry .
a man who admitted causing the death of a homeless man by dangerous driving has been given a 12-month suspended prison sentence .
sri lanka 's government is ready to take action against the government over alleged war crimes against president rajapaksa .
sri lankan police say they have detained a former sri lankan police officer who was trying to smuggle a boat off the coast of somalia .
a police blogger has been arrested in connection with online harassment , the metropolitan police has told the bbc .
news of the rapid expansion of the wall street in australia has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to new figures .
chloe trainor has said she was `` too big for me in real life '' as she made her debut .
a six-year-old boy has been diagnosed with a cancer condition after being rescued from a burning crowd in the english channel .
the first time myanmar visit to myanmar has been a major disaster for the first time in the country 's history .
a bus driver has been charged with dangerous driving following the death of a man in a liverpool street .
india 's sovereign wealth has fallen to its weakest percentage in three years , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- rupa -rrb- .
sam blackman scored his first goal of the season as blackpool beat wycombe to move into the league one play-off places .
staff at a torfaen communications centre are to be balloted on strike action by the welsh government , it has been claimed .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a former scrap metal dealer at heathrow airport in 2014 .
theresa may has said she would be `` sheer madness '' to give up the uk 's nuclear weapons .
smoking in the brain can be a `` causative agent '' in psychosis , according to a new study .
britain 's olympic champion mo peaty won gold in the men 's mixed medley relay gold medal at the world championships in london .
exeter head coach rob baxter says he is `` thriving '' in his future as he prepares for his first win of the season .
it 's a year since the start of the country 's economic crisis , but it 's tough to say the least .
a man accused of posting abusive views on twitter has appeared in court to deny harassing her daughter from a rally .
bottles of whisky galore have been returned to the isle of wight for the first time in more than 20 years .
the gaza strip is a key role in the world 's most famous addresses in the gaza strip - the first time since the civil war began in gaza .
russian president vladimir poroshenko has called for a ceasefire in the city of debaltseve in the capital debaltseve in the capital , debaltseve .
a woman has admitted causing the death of a woman by dangerous driving after she was stopped by a court in edinburgh .
an extra # 500m a year could help prevent foreigners emergency care , according to research from the department of health .
the english football league has voted to allow the english football league -lrb- # [unk] m ; # [unk] m for the efl cup .
talks aimed at averting a series of strikes on clyde and hebrides ferry services are to go ahead , the rmt has said .
a polish injunction calling for euro fines in the country 's world war two days has been found in the country 's [unk] forest .
the royal shakespeare company has said it is `` disappointed '' not to stop making it easier for a children 's novel .
a teacher at a teacher 's ritual humiliation at a teacher 's ritual has been attacked by a local mp .
a lorry driver has been killed and another driver injured in a crash on the m4 in south wales .
a hong kong ultramarathon has won a hong kong course for the first time in a row over the city 's standard marathon .
marseille chief executive steve mccourt has signed a new contract that will keep him at the club until 2019 .
in the wake of the global financial crisis , there is no doubt that the government is no longer in the next few months .
national league side braintree town have signed defender joel ekstrand on a free transfer following his release by millwall .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in a car in south london .
scientists have developed a new way to look into ways to improve earthquakes in the wake of earthquakes in san francisco .
thousands of people have taken part in the first day of the skeleton of vanuatu 's cyclone square in vanuatu .
the ukrainian parliament is trying to persuade ukrainian president vladimir poroshenko to be `` fascist-free '' in the wake of the ukrainian conflict .
a man has been arrested in connection with a series of thefts and fraud in the republic of ireland .
stoke city manager louis shakespeare is out of saturday 's premier league game against stoke , with a calf injury .
nigeria 's chief prosecutor says it is `` extremely concerned '' about the number of potential victims of slavery in the uk .
two men have been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in chad , chad , aged 27 .
a woman who was jailed for child sex offences against three boys has been given a two-year suspended prison sentence .
a world war ii device has been developed by a japanese company for the first time in the us .
`` the permafrost '' has been the most talented boss of mi5 in the world , according to a new report .
a refugee camp in the us state of california has been affected by the discovery of hundreds of millions of people who have been missing from the city .
us tour de france 45-year-old armstrong landis has been cleared of breaking the us postal service for failing a drug test .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 fell after it said it would raise more than $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in the three months to march .
the number of members of the aa has hit the aa in the first three months of the year .
lancashire bus lanes are to be balloted on strike action in a bid to save # 60 fines from the festive period .
a woman from australia has been reunited with her car grylls after a koala got stuck in her car .
the author of adrian mole has been released to sue the first time to sue the new musical for the first time .
forensic analysis of dissident republican republicans has been found in larne in larne , county antrim , in the republic of ireland .
the pro12 is a `` perfect chance '' for the pro12 , according to the head of rugby 's finance minister david dodson .
pupils at a school in the capital have been sent home to their parents after they wear hoop earrings .
the story of ronald reagan has been watching live on bbc one 's bloody sunday bloody sunday bloody sunday bloody sunday .
a man has been found guilty of sexually abusing boys at a catholic pub in greater manchester on saturday .
a man armed with a knife has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in stockholm .
at least two people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a ballistic missile on a funeral hall in yemen , officials say .
singer dylan richie will perform at this year 's glastonbury festival for the first time , the bbc has revealed .
iain russell and mark baird scored his first goal of the season as he scored his first goal of the season as they beat iain russell palace in the first game of the season .
britain 's olympic champion rodriguez rodriguez has been named as the winner of the vuelta a espana at the vuelta a espana .
a man has died in hospital following a crash in which a motorcyclist died in a car crash in north london .
blackberry , the world 's biggest smartphone maker , has launched a new handset division of its handset division .
a man who became the first briton to win gold at the london 2012 olympics has been shown the results of his tumour .
russia 's president vladimir putin has said he is considering asking for asylum in the uk in the uk .
rangers manager mark warburton believes his side are a `` different proposition '' to avoid relegation from the scottish premiership .
a memorial service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the war memorial of the city 's war memorial .
world cup winner burnell burnell missed out on a place in the world cup final , says his officials .
premiership leaders castleford tigers have been given permission to resume their two-match ban for bad sportsmanship in the premiership match against england .
walsall eased into the third round of the efl cup with a comfortable win at millwall . attempt two of the league one play-off places .
children in the uk are being urged to avoid bullying in the past year , according to new figures .
a 15-year-old girl has been charged with arranging sex offences against a 15-year-old girl , the bbc has learned .
the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says it is concerned about the future of the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
pope francis has urged the vatican 's ambassador to turkey for `` resentment and hatred '' after the armenian president said it was `` widely committed to the 20th century ' genocide '' .
the nhs in wales is to get a drug to help tackle hiv in wales , a charity has said .
four people have been arrested in connection with the seizure of herbal cannabis worth up to # [unk] in dublin .
a man has been found guilty of causing grievous bodily harm with intent after a teenage girl was seriously hurt .
welsh secretary alun morgan has said he is `` not given better deals '' in the welsh assembly following his decision to retire from the welsh assembly .
the families of the inverness museum have been cleared of a series of terror attacks dating back to the inverness museum .
the centenary of the battle of the somme has been held at a ceremony in the republic of ireland .
the bbc trust has said it is `` no breach of the impartiality '' of the impartiality of the bbc trust in the wake of the grouse shooting .
a drug used by a schoolgirl in wales has been developed by the nhs in wales for the first time .
a rare [unk] baby has been born at a zoo in australia , scientists in australia have revealed in a bbc nature reserve .
the christmas advertising campaign has dominated the bbc 's sound of christmas advertising , and it seems like a simple equation .
northern ireland 's curlew bird has been detected in northern ireland , according to new figures from the office for national statistics .
the number of several towns across the uk has fallen to its lowest level in a decade , according to official figures .
james davies has been suspended by the scarlets for the first half of the euro 2016 qualifiers against scarlets .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has released a video purporting to show islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- fighters in iraq .
a man has been arrested after a knife attack on a building premises in dublin , police have said .
britain 's olympian charlotte wiggins has been named the winner of the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro in thursday 's olympic games .
the department for transport -lrb- multi-billion pound accounts -rrb- committee has been criticised for failing to learn from the cost of delays on the line .
notts county manager graham newell says the club 's poor run of the premier league is `` not like losing your place '' .
a police officer has been shot in the head of the capital of the month of kenya 's parliament , police say .
a second cub cub has been found dead in a turkey suburb in turkey , the bbc has learned .
a man accused of the murder of a man outside a shopping centre has told a court he was `` shocked at the colour of him '' .
northern ireland 's carl frampton has been chosen as the winner of the wba world featherweight title in belfast on saturday .
a judge in ohio has ruled that a 16-year-old girl accused of harassment outside a courthouse in the us state of virginia has been suspended .
plans for a # 1.2 m project to regenerate a historic holy island have been given the go-ahead by the heritage authority .
the father of a man who drove a woman into a bombing has said he is `` still traumatic '' to help him .
the world 's biggest media company has said it will create a stronger merger with a deal worth more than $ 8bn -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- .
three teenagers have been arrested in connection with a disturbance in aberdeen city centre on tuesday . enjoyed time of the friday night game .
julie hesmondhalgh has become the first patron of dorset 's broadchurch show broadchurch , which has been described as a `` rape crisis '' .
images have been released of the welsh architecture awards to mark the 90th anniversary of the queen 's 90th birthday .
derry city and derry city drew 2-2 with a 4-0 4-0 victory over bohemians in the first game of the premier league season .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in the scottish borders .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in a disturbance in a dundee street .
russian military forces have launched a drill in the eastern ukraine suburb of crimea , killing at least 400 people and leaving the country .
england 's twenty20 international hopes suffered a crushing defeat by india in the first match of the world twenty20 tournament in india .
police investigating a tweet about the eurovision song contest have walked out of the eurovision song contest , police have said .
the funeral has taken place for the funeral of katharine of aragon , the funeral of one of england 's most famous couples .
britain 's olympic champion jessica ennis-hill has retired from athletics at the age of 26 in the rio olympics .
colchester united have signed teenage midfielder jack mcqueen from premier league rivals sunderland on a one-month youth loan deal .
the body of a man who fell into a hot water park in wyoming , killing at least two people , has gone missing .
us president barack obama has said he is `` not as divided as divided '' as he prepares for a private meeting in the us city of dallas .
pioneers of indigenous hunters in the world are using local hunters to mixed with local hunters in europe , a study suggests .
cerberus , the irish and republic of ireland -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- have agreed to hire a new hire fund .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says he is `` special '' in his side 's euro 2016 qualifier against barcelona .
ulster scored two tries to beat ulster in the first qualifying round of the pro12 play-off final in cardiff .
mali has been accused of possessing weapons and tear gas across the region , a group of human rights experts has said .
arsenal defender mamadou cazorla will miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury in saturday 's premier league match at arsenal .
the chief executive of the republic of ireland council has said he will not stand in the job of the local authority .
a man has been charged with the murder of olga woltering in the us city of fort lauderdale , the fbi has said .
irvine irvine has been named northern ireland sports personality of the year at the 2014 world championships in glasgow .
scientists have discovered a nickel space object in the crater that went extinct in the gulf of mexico '' .
the man who took part in the us pga tour de kirchner `` allenby '' has said he was `` dumped in a park miles away '' .
the number of plagiarism cases vary across wales has risen by almost a third since last year , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
a [unk] building in belfast has been sold at auction for # [unk] , the local retailer behind the site .
nigeria 's parliament has passed a bill to legalise same-sex stories from the country 's top law on treason .
west ham 's # [unk] m euros -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- stake in west ham united 's # [unk] m euros -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- investment have been approved by the club .
lewis lewis says he is `` in a privileged position '' as england head coach of the county championship .
the uk 's economy grew by 0.6 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
a study has found a way for a university footballer who has been found dead at his home in los angeles .
the peak of the peak , the peak of the peak , has been given the go-ahead for the first time .
brazilian football star neymar has been charged with suspected tax evasion , a court has been told in court .
teachers in northern ireland are taking strike action in a row over pay and conditions in public sector pensions .
tranmere rovers defender rob o'donnell has been released by the county championship division two clash in the opening game of the national league season .
the presiding officer of wales has accused the presiding officer of providing a `` interest in the democratic deficit '' .
devotees star martin devotees played out the parklife set of the parklife set before this year 's parklife festival .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has said the state of emergency will be extended for more than six weeks .
a new study has found evidence that the genetic code of life in breast cancer has been found in a breast cancer cell .
dozens of migrating birds have been diverted to jersey for the first time in more than two years , the environment department has said .
us president donald trump has called for the united states to co-operate with russia in the next two days .
ukip leader nigel fleming has called for a change in the future of devolution in the future of northern ireland .
the shape of the world 's best jobs is a `` global talent '' , according to the international institute for fiscal studies .
peter root says peter moores is the best out to be the best out of the england team for this year 's ashes test .
students at a us college have been told they will not be able to sit their entrance exams due to a cheating scandal .
scotland 's health and social care system should be `` joined-up '' and `` well joined-up '' , according to a new study .
the uk 's immigration bill is to begin on the home office to allow migrants to be forged passports in the uk .
kia motors has said it is the biggest ever study of the world 's fifth largest ever car brands .
us president donald trump has said he does not want to see his wife , after he was invited to leave the oil company .
britain 's andy murray has been knocked out of the wimbledon final by winning the grand slam at wimbledon .
scientists have developed a new way to tackle lethal fungal trees in the wake of a deadly epidemic of the fungal disease .
it is the word of the uk 's membership of the eu 's membership of the eu , but it is not exactly where it is going to be the next parliament .
the mother of a seven-year-old girl who went missing after a boat sank off the coast of canada has said she is `` safe and safe '' .
a british airways flight from london to france has been given compensation after a man was kicked off by the airline .
a hospital trust has been suspended after inspectors found it at a cancer centre in the south of england .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has been elected as the new president of the world 's biggest media .
barnet scored two second-half goals as they beat leyton orient to climb out of the national league relegation zone .
manager roberto brazil says he is `` not aware '' of the club 's new manager and wants the club 's new manager .
the us federal reserve has said it has hired its monetary policy in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis .
bournemouth goalkeeper gianluigi federici has signed a new four-year contract with the premier league club . told him to leave the club .
a scottish government watchdog has criticised the scottish government 's decision to make the grant grant to df concerts .
jeremy corbyn has said he is `` very pleased '' about his future spending as the constituency 's chairman .
a fuel rig that ran aground on the deck of the deck of the rig transocean winner has been repaired .
the owner of bayer 's diane-35 says she has been ordered to pay $ [unk] m -lrb- $ [unk] m ; $ [unk] m -rrb- in damages after the us supreme court ordered a contraceptive pill .
a man who sent a selfie out of his friend 's selfie has been asked to speak to police .
the price of the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- has decided to end its financial fair deposit rate .
the former first minister , william smith , has died at the age of 88 . passed his maiden birthday .
the world 's biggest economy is the best in the world , but it is n't only one of the world 's most difficult things .
the body of a man who died in a gun attack on a primary school in china has been described as a `` fun-loving man '' .
colin shields has been named as the winner of the 2016 elite league 's top league team in europe .
chelsea midfielder eden hazard will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury , reports bbc chelsea have confirmed .
a cardiff university student has been diagnosed with leukaemia after she was diagnosed with breast cancer after suffering a leukaemia diagnosis .
the wife of a woman who died in a shotgun attack on a care home may have paid tribute to his wife , an inquest has heard .
inverness caledonian thistle defender john hughes has signed a new two-year contract with the inverness caledonian thistle , keeping him at the club until 2020 .
england and sri lanka will face sri lanka in the first day of the 2017 women 's world twenty20 in india .
taekwondo 's governing bodies have been told they will not be able to compete in the world 's taekwondo championships .
marks 100 years since the death of a man who has died at the glastonbury festival last year , the bbc has learned .
nottingham forest have signed defender joel bouchalakis from national league rivals nottingham forest on loan until the end of the season .
south africa 's deputy education minister [unk] manana has been cleared of assaulting a woman in south africa , his office has said .
floods have killed at least 19 people and injured more than 100 in colombia , the mayor of the philippines says .
supermarket giant tesco has said it has cut its full-year profit forecast for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis .
the european space agency -lrb- gaia -rrb- is to create a new light of the world 's most important spacecraft .
world number one mark kyrgios said he was `` very tired '' at his time as he made history in the first round of the shanghai masters .
world champion lizzie lewis-francis has been named in gb 's world championship squad for the world championships in london .
a man 's body has been found on a beach in bridgend county in the early hours of saturday .
league two club leyton orient have signed striker chris alexander on a free transfer following his release by league two rivals blackburn rovers .
the world 's biggest cyclist , the world 's oldest cycling team , has been named as the world 's top cyclist in the sport .
a secondary school in northern ireland has launched a new programme to improve the stresses of a secondary school in northern ireland .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for the manslaughter of a man who was attacked by a gang of men .
hibernian have signed former hibernian and hibernian midfielder alan stubbs and hibernian defender alan stubbs until the end of the season .
ferguson council has voted in favour of a man accused of the murder of a police officer in ferguson , missouri .
the m74 in the m74 estuary in glasgow have been removed from the m74 southwest of the m74 , a study has found .
a man has died in a lorry crash off the coast of east anglia , police have said in a car park .
the sister of a british man accused of illegally possessing weapons has said he is `` anxious '' to speak to the prime minister .
a man has been attacked and robbed by a group of men armed with a gun and a knife .
oil prices have fallen to the highest level of the year , according to official figures from the office for national statistics .
the bishop of melbourne has accused the bishop of the vatican of `` popes gave out the wrong message '' about child sexual abuse .
chelsea came from behind to beat chelsea in the first leg of their first premier league game of the season .
an investigation has been launched into a gun attack on a police patrol in north belfast on friday night .
the surface of a debris-covered glacier in the himalayan region of sheffield has been declared treasure by a new study .
coronation street 's first production of itv has been cancelled due to a lack of charge , the bbc has learned .
a man accused of outraging public decency has told a court he was `` afraid '' to pursue a retrial .
aston villa manager tony pulis says saido berahino was `` desperate to play '' as he made saido berahino 's move to southampton .
a police officer has been charged with murder in the us city of the us city of dallas , where he was killed .
swansea city manager neil curtis has urged his players to `` get back up up '' if they are to leave the premier league .
league two club shrewsbury town have signed defender joel caton and defender [unk] caton . start their contracts with the league two club .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a 16-year-old boy was attacked in a train in glasgow city centre .
two men have been rescued from a car after a car crashed into a shop off the coast of east anglia .
peterborough united manager graham westley says the fa cup quarter-final defeat by peterborough united was `` hangover '' from the fa cup quarter-final .
the family of a man who was shot dead in afghanistan last year have paid tribute to his `` popular soldier '' .
south korea 's funeral has taken place for the funeral of president donald trump 's son and his brother .
the story of tunisia 's islamic state militant group has sparked outrage in the country 's media and broadcasters .
britain 's laura hawkins retained his british indoor title with victory in the men 's race at the track world championships in turkey .
the mother of a us woman who died in a kiev flat has told the bbc she believes her husband is a `` modern mother '' .
sale sharks captain chris charnley says he is confident his side can avoid relegation from next season 's super league game .
mark cavendish has been named as the host of the 2015 tour de france for the 2017 tour of britain .
glamorgan seamer colin ingram has signed a new three-year deal keeping him at glamorgan until the end of the 2019 season .
mercedes ' lewis hamilton said he was `` a taste of greatness '' after his mercedes team-mate sebastian vettel win the title for the first time .
a replica of thunderbirds is to be auctioned to raise awareness of the sale of thunderbirds frontman jamie anderson .
nato says it will investigate the deaths of dozens of civilians in the uk and france , after nato 's bomb attack .
rotherham united have signed defender phil rothwell on a free transfer following his release by league one rivals barnsley .
powys council has voted to introduce a new team from the uk government to help fund the estate agents .
patients at eastbourne hospital have been told they will get a better service if they go to hastings , the bbc understands .
two glider pilots have been killed in a fire at a museum in somerset , the jet age museum says .
a man has been arrested after a car was hit by a train in bedfordshire , police have said .
chelsea doctor eva bonar has been suspended by the football association for alleged sex offences against players from clubs .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has apologised to the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- for failing to delete a scam .
dundee united manager mixu paatelainen insists his side will avoid relegation from the premiership after they beat kilmarnock in the scottish premiership .
ascension day is a public holiday and is a public holiday and where it is going to become the next president of south africa .
a ticket for the beatles has been sold at auction for # [unk] at a cost of # [unk] .
huddersfield made it three super league wins as they beat huddersfield giants to go top of the super league .
antrim ran in seven tries as they beat laois in the all-ireland qualifier at the sse arena in dublin .
dagenham bounced back from 2-0 down to beat bromley and move into the national league play-off places . raced to the top of the national league .
a barge owned by bp 's [unk] barge has been cancelled due to a huge wave fault in norway .
japan 's supreme court has ordered the immediate release of a woman who has died at the age of 47 .
three welsh rugby players have paid tribute to their players after they took part in a charity gb recycling team .
tiernan [unk] and cian 0-7 edged into the final of the scottish open at st ronan 's park in st ronan 's park .
britain 's olympic champion greg turner has said she is `` working hard '' to compete at the track world championships in glasgow .
george w bush is the 45th president of the united states , but he 's also known as the `` world trade centre '' .
it was the biggest day of the england test series against england at twickenham on saturday , but it was n't even meant .
a petrol bomb attack on a police patrol in londonderry has been thrown at officers again , police have said .
talktalk has been accused of a `` bug '' at its talktalk hack , after the talktalk hack claims they had been exploited by hackers .
what do you know about the future of the united states , you might think it 's time to think about the future of the united states .
a man has been found guilty of conspiracy to smuggle heroin into the uk 's silk road 2.0 site .
hull city manager steve bruce has been appointed as the new manager of england 's premier league side , reports bbc radio manchester .
the eu 's decision to leave the eu should be `` particularly nasty '' in the eu referendum result , boris hammond has said .
three people have been sentenced to three years in jail for conspiring to smuggle cannabis into the uk into the uk .
holders celtic will host st mirren in the scottish premiership play-off final on tuesday . played the 400th end of the fa cup .
president barack obama has arrived at the united states as part of the paris climate agreement in the paris climate agreement .
a police officer has been arrested in connection with the seizure of a number of police officers in the afghan province of georgia .
a conservative peer has called for a change in the party 's leadership bid to support the party 's general election .
the parents of a man who died after being struck by a school in east belfast have said they are `` swift and help '' .
great britain 's double olympic champion jade peake says she would prefer to compete at the rio olympics if she wins the olympic games in rio .
the merger of sandown bay bay bay academy has been replaced by the government , the bbc has learned .
iain iain has been ruled out of the rest of the pro12 season after suffering a knee injury in saturday 's world cup qualifier against italy .
wigan athletic 's relegation from the premier league as they beat ipswich town to move up to fourth in the championship .
snodgrass snodgrass , robert snodgrass , has been given a suspended prison sentence after he was arrested in connection with the death of a girl .
the conservative party in england and wales will be part of the nato office in the next holyrood election , it has been claimed .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following a car crash in somerset .
cartoons of the duchess of cambridge have been attacked by french embassies in the capital , paris , in what is believed to be the first part of the paris attacks .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the fastest pace of the world grand prix with a hard-fought win over mercedes in the chinese grand prix .
a man has died after being hit by a van in glasgow . been the target of a van crash .
a 33-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a shooting in rhondda cynon taff on friday . died .
australian cricketer virat khan says it is `` oversensitive '' that the country 's tour of bangladesh has been cancelled because of a `` terrorist violence '' .
a boy has been seriously injured in a three-vehicle crash in a rally in glenurquhart , county antrim , police have said .
as somalia gears up for the rest of the world 's most famous lifeguard unit , hassan hassan hassan [unk] , is one of the world 's most influential artists .
restrictions on people smoking in wales are being considered by the welsh government , it has been claimed . follows .
a woman has been arrested after a fire broke out in a restaurant in greater manchester city centre , police have said .
a police officer has been charged with misconduct in relation to a police officer who was due to appear in court .
a senior civil servant is to stand trial in the chilcot inquiry branch -lrb- liaison -rrb- committee in england and wales .
a christmas lights have been unveiled to mark the 30th anniversary of the christmas lights at a private derby in derbyshire .
scotland 's economy is slowing down , according to a report from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
clooney has been forced to meet george clooney and mentions for a visit to the care home where his care home was a classy .
a conservative mp has been cleared of gross misconduct , the high court has been told in a high court meeting .
northern ireland 's world cup winners in the republic of ireland have been taking place in the irish premier league .
sports direct boss dave forsey has been given a # 3.7 m share of the minimum wage , the bbc has learned .
great britain 's women were knocked out of the women 's world championship by beating north korea in the first round of the challenge cup .
lib dem leader nick pearce has said he will apology from the liberal democrats in a campaign to raise tuition fees in england .
a probe into the conduct of a hotel in the uk has been cleared by a probe by the uk 's biggest travel agents .
the remains of the disappeared have been found at a bradford university in which the remains of the remains of the remains of the remains of the disappeared .
the company behind the value of larch larch timber sales contracts has been released by the auditor general , it has emerged .
it is one of the most important issues in the history of the world 's most deadly drug crash in colombia .
a burst water main in bournemouth has been closed after a burst water main spilled high winds and high winds .
everton manager pep guardiola has no doubt that he will leave manchester city at the end of the season .
in the final round of the world tennis championships will be a `` major work work '' , the head of the sport 's tennis governing body has said .
the number of nursery staff in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , the department for education has said .
patients who have been taking the bone from untreated bone , such as osteoporosis , have been discovered in a lab in oxfordshire .
celtic striker leigh griffiths has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a calf muscle injury .
a heterosexual clerk who closed her office in the us presidential election has told a court she would not issue licences for gay couples .
durham tees valley flights between durham tees valley valley valley in the first day of the country 's main road .
jersey 's controversial art deco terminal has been put up for sale for the first time in a row over safety concerns .
scotland 's controversial land fund has been put up for sale in a bid to build a new land fund .
child sexual exploitation may have been recorded in the past four years , according to figures released by the bbc .
hartlepool united have appointed hignett hignett as their new manager on a two-year deal . ' place in the league two season .
it is the biggest fall in the uk 's financial sector , but the chancellor has said it will be `` pats on the back '' .
russia has expelled two russian officials over the alleged harassment of us diplomats , russia 's foreign ministry has said .
a number of people have been taken to hospital in wales by the end of last year , according to new figures .
italian police say they have arrested a king of videopoker in connection with the death of a mafia boss .
cameroon coach hugo grant has urged players to change their squad for next season 's world cup qualifying campaign .
forecasters have warned of the dangers of snow and other parts of the south east ambulance service -lrb- [unk] -rrb- .
england reached the semi-finals of the women 's world twenty20 with a [unk] win over australia in bangalore in bangalore .
a day-night test defeat by pakistan earned a day-night test against west indies in the first test in the first test in dubai .
the wreckage of a fishing boat off the coast of anglesey has been called off after a training exercise .
the us defence secretary has urged the us government to support the force for the first time in the next three years .
google has reduces the cost of its self-driving balloons in the first half of the year , according to a new report .
a rescue package worth up to # 9m has been raised by the european commission over funding cuts to northern ireland .
it was the first time it was the day that a jet carrying a jet was involved in the attack in karachi .
india 's supreme court has overturned a trial of a man accused of killing two marines off the kerala coast .
tampons have been vetoed by the governor of the tampon tax bill , the governor of the us senate .
blair turgott 's late goal earned torquay a 2-1 win at the top of the national league with victory at bromley .
derek cadden 's second-half equaliser earned brechin city a draw at the top of scottish league one 's league two .
manager paul bodvarsson says the club 's `` work rate '' is the `` work rate '' of the future of molineux .
hollywood star sian grigg has been nominated for the bafta film awards at the cardiff art college in cardiff .
the mayor of cheshire has resigned over claims he made a interest of `` fit fit fit '' for the company .
a shark has been rescued from the sea off the coast of wales in the firth of forth , scientists have said .
a man has admitted killing a woman whose body was found at a house in port talbot , a court has heard .
northern ireland 's women 's world cup qualifier against northern ireland has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
haitian opposition leader alexei martelly has accused the government of `` insulting haitian women '' in the country 's presidential election .
a 16-year-old girl has been arrested after a dog attack on a woman in a knife attack , the ministry of justice has said .
a tory mp has accused the public inquiry into the `` black route ' '' after the public inquiry into the `` black route ' '' .
a new virtus kit has been rolled out across the world , the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said .
the number of births in the uk was down in 2013 , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
printing papers have been sent out to protest against the council 's decision to allow thousands of pupils to vote in the general election .
theresa may has said the uk should face a `` cliff edge '' in the wake of the uk 's brexit vote .
police have said they are `` reliably '' not to take action against st helens flower following criticism of the rugby football pitch .
india 's prime minister has been arrested over allegations of cheating on yoga phones , a report has found .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for sexually abusing a young girl in newport , a court has heard .
care homes in wales are `` chemically coshed coshed '' drugs , the health minister has told the bbc .
lancashire 's jack anderson made his first county championship century of the season as they beat yorkshire by eight wickets in the one-day cup .
in the last three months of cricket , cricket and cricket has been taking place in the capital , lagos , for the first time in a row .
a ward at altnagelvin hospital in londonderry has been reopened after a fire broke out at a hospital in londonderry .
a suicide bomber has blown up a bomb in the lebanese capital , lebanon , killing at least 14 people , officials say .
wolves have agreed a deal to buy wolves and steve morgan as the club 's new chief executive , replacing steve morgan .
aston villa have signed striker isaac grealish from crystal palace on loan until the end of the rest of the season .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting boys at a house in greater manchester , police have said .
a gorilla statue has been unveiled to build a gorilla statue of a gorilla who has been unveiled in the uk .
captain eoin powell says england 's world cup quarter-final defeat by england was `` brilliant '' and `` brilliant '' .
a woman has been arrested after a woman was attacked in the river thames in regatta , thames valley police have said .
itv 's chief executive , carillion mccall , is to leave itv 's new chief executive , the company has said .
pakistan 's supreme court has ordered the death sentences of a woman who was sentenced to death for insulting the prophet muhammad .
the australian economy minister has warned of a proposal to cut costs in a bid to cut costs in the us state of fridays .
brazilian immigration chief james rafa has said he was `` threw us away '' by workers at a meeting at the home office in london .
a man has appeared in court charged with sending an islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in the uk .
the rmt union is to walk out of the cost of strike action in a row over ticket offices .
liverpool mayor barkley mackenzie has apologised for comments he made racist comments made on social media in the wake of the hillsborough disaster .
the football fa cup final against manchester united has been announced as the venue for the fa cup final .
the story of the rio de janeiro forest project has been the focus of a new life of the oil and gas .
two teenagers have been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a man in istanbul on monday evening , police have said .
the price of oil has been hit by a fall in the price of oil and gas , according to new figures .
manchester city will host atletico madrid in the first round of the europa league on sunday , beating borussia monchengladbach .
a restaurant in the indian capital , el pais , has been killed in a stampede , police have said .
forecasters have warned of severe thunderstorms across parts of scotland and scotland as snow is forecast to affect wintry weather .
the trial of a man accused of plotting to appear in the supergrass trial has been adjourned until the end of the year .
st helens half-back ben flower has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a forearm injury in saturday 's world cup qualifier .
the russian media regulator has urged the russian government to register to register with the world 's most popular website .
police have issued a fresh warning for the blackmail of a man who blackmail a sex acts dating back to west london .
celtic manager brendan rodgers has urged his players to play for the scottish premiership title after they beat partick thistle .
lithuania 's constitutional court has ruled that a former soviet mp has been barred from office in the wake of the baltic state of brussels .
japan 's supreme court has ruled that women will be allowed to change their husband 's surname at any point .
japanese electronics giant qualcomm has reported a big jump in full-year profits , boosted by strong demand for its smartphones and smartphones .
a man has been arrested in connection with a seizure of endangered birds of prey in a border area .
a fire broke out at a restaurant in east london , causing the evacuation of a nearby restaurant , it has emerged .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 60-year-old woman was fatally struck by a car in glasgow .
the future of corporation tax in 2018 is `` very critical decisions '' , the bbc has said , following the departure of mp jo cox .
jersey 's natural environment has been criticised for its `` surreal '' list of the condor liberation of the site .
huddersfield made it three wins from 10 in the championship as they beat huddersfield town in a thrilling game .
venezuelan human rights forces have been sentenced to death in the capital , 1 april , the un says .
former nokia chief jeff holmstrom has been elected the new york university 's new york university , according to local media reports .
the electoral commission has said it is `` effectively putting a price tag '' for the political circus in the republic of ireland .
a red postbox has been caught on camera on a roundabout in suffolk , the bbc has learnt that a sign has been caught on camera .
children 's social skills in england and wales are `` largely reasonable '' , according to a new report .
a project to detect yeti sightings in the world has been launched by scientists in the uk for the first time .
police are launching an investigation into the use of security at the site of a new industrial estate in west midlands .
england 's women have been called up poppy cleall , says england 's women head coach eddie reed . been named of the 2017 women 's super league .
paulo pjaca scored his 11th goal of the season as they beat nuno [unk] in the first leg of the champions league play-off round .
the number of new homes in scotland has risen by almost a third since last year , the scottish government has announced .
south africa 's [unk] and super league clubs have called for their `` brutal '' collisions in the pro12 season .
drink coffee may be impossible to break down caffeine , according to a study from the university of edinburgh .
a number of people have been taken to hospital after being closed for a second day after being closed for a weekend .
lancashire 's division two match against somerset was postponed because of a waterlogged pitch in the county championship on saturday .
a fire broke out at a bus stop after a fire broke out in a blaze at a bus stop on the isle of man .
the pilot of a pilot who died during a flight from afghanistan to afghanistan has been given a suspended prison sentence .
a dog who escaped from a postman has been rescued from a postman 's home in dumfries and galloway .
the house of lords has been criticised for `` anguish and pain '' in the wake of the locked-in syndrome scandal .
aston residents are being asked to approve plans to build a new railway station in a bid to save money .
a mother has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for using a mother 's bank account for stealing money from her employer .
northern ireland suffered a first defeat in a row with a [unk] win over norway in their opening game at windsor park .
plaid cymru leader leanne windsor has said she would meet plaid cymru in her first vote in the assembly election .
inflation in the eurozone 's second largest economy , china and the rest of the year for the first quarter of the year , according to the office for budget responsibility -lrb- neutral -rrb- .
the world para athletics championships are taking place in london on friday , 3 august , for the first time .
the united nations has said it is `` very desperate '' to allow more access to ports to ports in yemen .
the number of young girls aged 12 and 12 to 13 has fallen sharply in the past year , according to new figures .
a woman has been found not guilty of giving birth for her children after giving birth for her children .
the death of a woman who died after being diagnosed with a `` major major concern '' has been described as `` a major concern '' , a coroner has ruled .
the story of harry potter and fans is among the stars featured in the bbc 's harry potter spin-off film .
elderly people have been stranded on a flight from liverpool to dublin after the death of a pilot who landed on the plane .
newport county have signed tranmere rovers defender phil wood on a one-month loan deal from the end of the season .
british and irish lions suffered a [unk] defeat by australia in the first of their three-test series in sydney .
the number of houses in wales has risen by almost # 400,000 to # [unk] , the government has announced .
morgan symonds , a retired nurse who travelled to the castle where he worked with her family , has died at the age of 88 .
at least 14 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a suicide blast in nigeria 's capital , nigeria , officials say .
a man has been charged following an attempted robbery at a block of flats in east lothian , police have said .
middlesex seamer james simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the county until the end of the 2019 season .
former justice minister jim callinan has been cleared of corruption over allegations of corruption in the republic of ireland .
a group of academics has called for a boycott of the role of charlie hebdo 's role in a boycott of the charlie hebdo magazine .
dens park rangers manager brian mccann has praised the `` poor overall overall performance '' at the scottish premiership .
derby county have signed croatia international camara camara from derby county for the rest of the 2017 season , subject to international clearance .
solihull moors have signed defender joel edwards on a free transfer following his release by national league rivals solihull moors .
barbarians captain alun wyn expects johnny sexton will be fit for the ulster grand prix of the provincial grand prix .
the owners of a cat that crashed into a house in the scottish borders have said they are `` upset '' by the scottish government .
thousands of people have attended a march in the country 's capital , south africa , in the capital , harare .
a man who died after being mauled by a police officer in monmouthshire has been struck off by the crown prosecution service .
a tomb dating from the ancient chinese tomb has been discovered in a chinese city in [unk] , bury .
britain 's laura johnson-thompson finished second in the second practice at the olympic games in rio , having missed out on a place in the final day of the rio olympics .
defending champions west indies ran in nine tries as they beat west indies by nine wickets at the oval .
a man has been jailed after admitting causing the death of a cyclist in a hit-and-run crash in lancashire .
a court in the us has ordered the release of a volkswagen car maker to try to recall emissions tests in the us .
a new film about lizzie bond film has been sold at auction for # [unk] , the bbc has learned .
a whale attack on a moray beach has been described as `` stunning '' by the strandings department of scotland .
germany 's economy shrank by 0.6 % in the third quarter of the year , according to official figures .
a man accused of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in rhyl has told a court he was `` scared '' .
the first edition of newsweek 's first edition of newsweek 's first edition , newsweek , has been published .
coventry city manager brian kaczur says the club 's `` twin towers '' in the pubs have a `` real sense of optimism '' .
the government is to raise fees of # [unk] on tuition fees in the next four years , it has been claimed .
malta 's prime minister nawaz packham has said he is `` afraid '' to stop illegal hunting for illegal hunting .
recordings of recordings on the recordings of the recordings of a music wall have been released by music curators .
house prices in the uk 's second largest city , halifax , have contributed to the biggest fall in the year to june , the halifax has said .
sir andrew gilbert , who painted the famous coronation street , has died at the age of 95 . also been cancelled .
nottingham panthers beat nottingham panthers to win the [unk] cup for the first time in the first test in a row .
four people have been shot dead and another wounded by a gang of demonstrators in the canopy area of the city of canopy .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police has said he will retire at the end of the investigation into historical child sex abuse .
the appointment of a new manager at the heart of the club 's former manager gary allen is one of the biggest clubs in the premier league .
guyana is the most common teaching nation in the world , and many of its citizens are among those who have been taking part in the world 's poorest district .
a man has been charged with a series of cannabis plants with a street value of # 50,000 in cash , a court has heard .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car in ham .
south africa 's anti-apartheid aam nelson mandela is to go on the first day of his first official speech .
as islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant attack on the walls of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants .
the attorney-general of ex-president luiz inacio lula da silva has been found guilty of accusations of corruption at a supreme court in the us state of congress .
libya 's president robert cameron has said the white house has reacted angrily to the article , saying it was `` room for criticism '' .
heavy rain caused flash flooding across parts of cambridgeshire and east norfolk , causing flash floods and water flooding .
a man who raised heroin worth more than $ 100m -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- worth of bitcoins has been made a `` smear campaign '' , the bbc has learned .
an elderly woman has been found dead in her home in somerset , her family have been found in the search of a missing woman .
there is a sense of frustration across the nhs in england and wales over the festive period of life .
the scottish economy is `` pretty bad '' to get underneath the oil and gas downturn , the scottish conservatives have said .
russian mps have approved a controversial corruption measure in the wake of the controversial corruption scandal in the capital , delhi .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has said she wants to allow scotland to stay in the single market .
sheeran has won the top honour of the year at the grammys ceremony for the first time in more than five years .
bolton wanderers have appointed phil wilder as their new manager on a 12-month rolling contract for the league two club .
the air strikes in yemen have raised more than $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] m -rrb- in the country 's air strikes in yemen .
it 's a question : `` i 'm afraid of climate change , '' said max boykoff , the bbc 's director of the climate change programme .
the father of a 14-year-old boy has said he is `` very relieved '' to find a new cup for ben carter .
eight people have been arrested in connection with a modelling photo-sharing site in iran , a court has been told .
mae team sky wedi cadarnhau un o [unk] o [unk] o ' r [unk] yng [unk] o ddod i ' w [unk] yng [unk] .
the family of a man who died in a boat accident in swindon have paid tribute to their `` beautiful image '' .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man who was stabbed in a street in north london .
a man has been found guilty of attacking and robbing pupils at a food store in east london and east london .
kent have signed australia international sean dickson on a one-year contract after he was released by the club for an undisclosed fee .
pop star [unk] mutharika has been elected as the new president of malawi 's capital , delhi , to step down .
pope francis has been given a suspended prison sentence after he found a priest guilty of corruption and corruption against a priest .
residents in san francisco have been paying $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- for the sale of potholes in a bid to save money .
leicester tigers captain chris youngs says he is `` ticking enough '' to prove his side 's progress into the premiership play-offs .
the government 's decision to drill a hole in the gates of the quarry in fermanagh has been refused by the government .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a teenager who was hit by a petrol station .
head coach shaun cox has signed a new three-year contract with castleford tigers , keeping him at the club until june 2019 .
police investigating the disappearance of ben needham in sheffield have said they are `` devastated '' by the disappearance of ben needham .
the family of a russian woman who died in a car crash in the brecon beacons say they have been banned from police .
children with lennox-gastaut syndrome are being enrolled in a new trial of a cannabis factory in edinburgh , the bbc has learned .
schools in england and wales have been carried out by a senior police watchdog in england and wales , the bbc has learned .
the death of a man who went missing from the isle of wight has been named as paul gallihawk .
a tortoise has been taken to hospital after being rescued by a tortoise while taking part in a tank .
it 's been a year since russia opened up in the middle east on saturday , as russia 's prime minister narendra modi 's visit to the border with syria .
it is a major problem for women in the world 's poorest and most vulnerable women in the world .
hull kr prop curtis naughton has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
gillingham manager gary pennock has said the club will be `` very happy '' with the club 's players .
nigeria 's political leaders have voted in favour of the presidential election , as they begin their first general election campaign .
pakistani schoolgirl malala yousafzai has been diagnosed with a form of the pakistani population , in what is described as an mp .
torrential rain caused flash flooding across parts of england and scotland as heavy rain caused flash floods across england and wales .
a by-election has taken place in the scottish borders to protest against the decision to go on the seat of the by-election .
dagenham and redbridge had to settle for a point for the first time this season as they beat eastleigh .
irene nemirovsky is one of the most recognisable stories in the world 's top film about the story of the auschwitz concentration camp .
nigeria 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- ex-governor -rrb- has been found guilty of stealing billions of $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] m -rrb- in damages from a former delta state governor .
world champion peter mckenzie man has become the first professional super-middleweight player to be named in the professional footballers ' association .
free schools in england are being created as `` raiding '' and `` raiding '' , liberal democrat leader andrew gove has said .
the number of migrants who have been refused an extension of stay in the uk has been removed from the uk , a report has found .
alan gross , the most powerful figure in guantanamo bay , has died at the age of 88 . says it was an `` extraordinary day '' .
access to a new railway station in bristol has been cancelled due to concerns over anti-social behaviour . been cancelled due to staff .
matt senanayake made his debut century as worcestershire took control against worcestershire in the first day of the first test against worcestershire .
a # 500m project to regenerate the old town of edinburgh has been given the go-ahead by edinburgh city council .
the psni is to appeal against the psni over its handling of the case of a former police informer .
germany 's asylum seekers are arriving in germany after the country voted to leave the eu , the bavarian interior minister has said .
a new # 6m scheme to regenerate a former opencast coal mine in gloucester has been put up by the city 's council .
fire crews have tackled a blaze at a hedgehog processing unit in rhondda cynon taff , the bbc has learned .
plans for a new # [unk] train have been unveiled at telford council 's headquarters in telford , the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said .
sinkholes have been caused by a hole at a street in north yorkshire , the fire service has found .
northern ireland 's first minister , dawn purvis , is to step down from the advisory clinic in northern ireland next month .
french president francois hollande has said the eu referendum campaign would be `` simple '' if the eu referendum result .
scientists have discovered the discovery of a tiny rabbit rabbit that could be used to regulate a tiny wireless power .
julie shannon is a young woman who has lived in the living room of the living room of the living room of his life .
scotland 's hopes of reaching the cyprus cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over georgia in the first test in perth .
the welsh government 's plans to cut council tax in the financial year are being grouped with the government .
the chief executive of barnet council has been sacked after the council said it was `` put up '' by the council .
northampton town manager brian richards says he has a `` motivator '' and `` a motivator '' after his side reached the last eight of the fa cup .
a hospital in the united arab emirates has apologised after a number of patients were killed in a suspected drug-related incident .
the world 's most deadly shark have been found in sharm el-sheikh in sharm el-sheikh , killing at least 15 people .
the killers of a man found dead in the republic of ireland have been released on bail , police have said .
the scottish government has been accused of `` no magic bullet '' in the system of a tax on the system .
wales ' leaders have said they are `` digging '' tb into the farms of `` tb '' in the wake of the tb eradication programme .
fracking drilling has been confirmed in lancashire , the british geological survey -lrb- bgs -rrb- has said , following a major quake in april .
the families of two britons who were found dead on a beach in thailand have been named by police .
police investigating the rape of a woman at a police station in london have said they are `` no doubt '' there is no doubt that a woman made an allegation of rape .
the restoration of a derelict pier in bristol has been given the go-ahead by the council of the council .
norwich city club captain paul mcginty has signed a new one-year deal keeping him at the club until 2020 .
the number of people in the nhs in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , a survey suggests .
a large fire has broken out at a house in invergordon , county down , after a fire broke out at a house .
swansea city defender paul dyer will miss the rest of the season with a calf muscle injury , says manager paul clement .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza 's controversial plans for a third term in office has been released by the government .
a man has been jailed for sexually abusing boys at a care home in calderdale , county durham . '
staff at a hospital in gwynedd are being balloted on strike action over changes to maternity services in north wales .
apple has been accused of breaching its tax deals with apple , the european commission has ruled out of its tax deals .
`` i 'm a robot foot '' - but it is not a great example of great britain 's olympic selection programme .
the body of a teenage girl who was found dead at a nightclub in greater manchester has been identified by police .
the impact of leaving the european union would have a negative impact on their business , a survey suggests .
mental health services in wales are being affected by mental health problems , figures released by the bbc suggest .
when you ever wondered what happens when your mother was doing a picture of a mother ? and her her mother ?
prince charles has said he is confident he will face trials at the military academy parade at the military academy in surrey .
wales captain alun wyn owens has been ruled out of wales ' six nations opener against new zealand in cardiff on saturday .
celtic manager ronny deila insists his side are capable of winning the europa league and europa league qualifying group .
doncaster rovers came from behind to beat colchester united in the fa cup second round replay at old trafford .
the world 's first [unk] ksenia bobkova has been unveiled in the uk , in the first few months before the end of the world .
denny solomona scored his first premiership hat-trick of the season as sale sharks beat sale sharks in the premiership .
arsenal ladies have completed the signing of women 's super league one club arsenal ladies forward marcus thompson on a two-year deal .
scientists have discovered a gene arose a point mutation in a gene that connects them to walk in the human brain .
former prime minister tony waddington has died at the age of 88 , the party has announced . [unk] his term .
young people are being `` let down '' by the nhs in england and wales , according to a new report .
torquay united have signed defender joel nicholson on a free transfer following his release by torquay united on a two-year deal .
a five-year-old girl has been bitten by a dog in a `` cowardly '' dog attack in west yorkshire .
britain 's amir golovkin defended his ibf heavyweight title defence as `` unbelievable '' , according to former world champion john brook .
coal prices have fallen to its lowest level for a decade , according to new figures from the paris climate .
shrewsbury town came from behind to beat league one leaders shrewsbury in the first round of the fa cup .
emmanuel macron and emmanuel macron have been elected president emmanuel macron in the first round of the french presidential election .
the great north run of the season has been announced by the great north run for the first time in its history .
japan 's mcdonald 's -lrb- mcdonald -rrb- has said it will run out of fries in the end of the year .
britain 's laura noppert and lauren noppert have been ruled out of the women 's doubles in rio on saturday .
mental health services in west london are being asked to speak to mental health services , the mental health trust has announced .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on tuesday as investors reacted to concerns over the impact of tax subsidies .
parking tickets in northern ireland have been rejected by the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- in a motion calling for a review of on-street car parking tickets .
the proportion of americans lacking health insurance in the uk has fallen sharply , according to a new report .
brighton & hove albion midfielder steve sidwell has joined stoke city on loan until the end of the season .
the royal intimate apparel -lrb- 125-year-old -rrb- underwear has been sold at auction for the first time since her death .
facebook shares have been told to pay tribute to a mother and daughter who were found in a pembrokeshire town .
carlisle united have signed midfielder mike jones on a free transfer following his release by league one rivals crawley town .
england reached the third of the first test in wellington as they beat australia in the first test in wellington .
england 's world twenty20 winning run in the first day of the world cup will be a `` fine '' , according to leeds rhinos coach danny hall .
snow slopes in scotland have reached a record high , according to figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ski-scotland -rrb- .
a portrait of bp 's paul smith has been unveiled at the national portrait gallery in hull to mark the 400th anniversary of the bp portrait award .
china has said it will ban trade in tiger skins , after the cites meeting in the cites meeting in china .
cycling 's world governing body has said it is `` disappointed '' by its decision to remove a poster poster at the giro d'italia .
sauber driver pascal kubica has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' after he was injured in a rally accident .
a federal judge in mexico has issued a fresh crackdown on immigration in the wake of the immigration crisis .
the boss of league one portsmouth club portsmouth has been named as the new manager of the league two club .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says he is `` very close to scoring '' in the premier league after beating leicester 1-0 in the premier league .
a theme park has been closed after a rollercoaster crash which left five people dead and three others injured .
aston villa manager remi lescott has dismissed reports that he will not be able to take charge of the football association .
labour mp stephen hughes has said she is `` far more in common with her legacy '' after her death .
dogs from sport pitches are being removed from sport pitches , a council has been told to consultation over anti-social behaviour .
the republic of ireland 's justice minister has told the bbc that he wants the republic of ireland 's justice minister .
warwickshire opener chesney browne hit a career-best 255 to help essex beat nottinghamshire by eight wickets in the one-day cup .
a man 's body has been found after a man 's body was found in a drain in a drain .
great britain 's olympic taekwondo champion luke luke has been cut off at the austrian taekwondo federation -lrb- austrian -rrb- .
japan 's supreme court has ordered the release of a japanese woman accused of killing three members of a japanese woman .
manager martin wilson says darren fletcher is `` lucky to be too disappointed '' with darren wilson after scotland 's world cup qualifier against celtic .
turkey has warned that turkey is `` credible threats '' to attacks in neighbouring turkey , as tensions continue across turkey and turkey .
celta vigo have signed celta vigo defender dani celta vigo for an undisclosed fee , reports bbc radio stoke .
a proposal to increase council tax services in liverpool has been described as `` tourist levies '' by the mayor of liverpool .
england reached the third of the first test against bangladesh in bangalore on day two of the first test in bangladesh .
grimsby recorded their first win of the season as they beat league two side mansfield in the national league .
league one side oxford united have signed oxford united defender phil dunkley on a free transfer . ' place .
a police investigation is under way after a man fell from a first-floor window on the isle of wight .
the european football association -lrb- infantino -rrb- has called for a change in the world cup to allow the format of the world cup .
a boxer has been suspended from the sport after being found guilty of assaulting a boxer in 2012 , a court has heard .
more than # 30,000 worth of # 30,000 has been raised for a multi-million pound money laundering centre in west midlands .
comedian and comedian david bailey has been stolen from the production offices of the liverpool philharmonic car park , the bbc has learned .
scotland defender gareth samson has signed a new contract with the scottish premiership champions , keeping him at the club until june 2019 .
the prime minister has called for the government to `` reset fiscal policy '' after the prime minister 's autumn statement .
national league side guiseley have signed defender paul hurst on a free transfer following his release by mansfield town .
the police service in england and wales is prepared to use instruments within the police service , a report has found .
the badger trust has said it will cull badgers in a bid to cull badgers in the capital somerset .
salford red devils manager paul koukash says he is `` working hard '' to win the super league season .
the republic of ireland football association -lrb- irish -rrb- has been forced to cancel a rally in the republic of ireland after a rally in the republic of ireland .
the british and irish lions of rugby football team -lrb- 41-man -rrb- has been taking inspiration from the british and irish lions in cardiff on saturday .
nathan stead scored his first goal of the season to rescue a point for notts county as they beat notts lancashire .
a 15-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in a suspected hit-and-run in west london .
police in alaska are appealing for witnesses after a man accused of killing his father and her girlfriend in alaska .
labour leadership candidate harriet lammy has said he will take soundings in the leadership of the labour leader 's leadership .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling site in cardiff , after a fire broke out at a recycling site .
hackers are targeting more than a million flight miles -lrb- [unk] km -rrb- , a security expert has said .
a woman has been found guilty of three counts of the murder of a woman in her native australia .
the bodies of a humpback whale have been found on a beach in suffolk , prompting a report from scientists .
rory mcilroy has said he is `` totally fine '' to play in the scottish open after suffering a rib injury .
a third runway at heathrow is a `` marginal increase '' in a third runway , according to new research .
a touchscreen touchscreen bet on children in the home of the home of the home of the home of england 's children is `` very immature '' , a study suggests .
leicester tigers head coach guy bates has signed a new two-year deal keeping him at the club until the end of the season .
more than 150 people have been rescued from the rubble of a collapsed building in the mexican city of savar , police say .
mae ' r prif weinidog cymru wedi cadarnhau eu bod yn cael eu cynnig i ' w [unk] yng nghymru , yn ôl y [unk] .
us president donald trump 's eldest son has been suspended from the us federal communications commission -lrb- ethics -rrb- .
everton manager roberto martinez says he has been `` inspiring the best of luck '' as an evertonian everton manager .
the catchment feeding the catchment feeding the glacier of the ice stream in the east end of the world 's first [unk] glacier has been unveiled .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene explains why his dog is n't doing well .
a man has been seriously injured after being attacked by a stranger in a pub in glasgow city centre .
the number of people in work hit a record high in the first three months of the year , official figures show .
the number of assaults at a prison in kent was `` very disappointing '' , a report has found .
the number of meals for chicken and snacks in scotland has risen by # [unk] a year , according to new figures .
a man has died after being struck by a car in toronto , the uk rock band have said .
hbo has said it has decided not to proceed with a second season of vinyl after its pilot set up a second season of vinyl .
the right direction is a big feature in formula 1 , but it is not a good idea for the defender 's future .
a court in the us state of cleveland has been charged with assault against a university student who drove back to fort worth more than $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- .
kent 's batsmen struggled in the first day of the second test against worcestershire as they beat leicestershire in a thrilling women 's super league .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said he is `` happy to work with a better society '' if he wins the leadership contest .
the parents of a woman kidnapped in afghanistan say they have been killed by a us rescue mission in afghanistan .
the heineken cup competition is to be investigated by the heineken international football committee -lrb- cma -rrb- , the heineken aviation federation -lrb- cma -rrb- has ruled .
la liga champions dortmund have signed croatia defender [unk] [unk] on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
internet giant youtube has accused youtube of `` hiding '' royalties for paying royalties for paying royalties for music services .
plans for a new 50m swimming pool in derby have been put up for sale in a bid to save money .
saudi arabia , the world 's second-largest economy , has submitted new investment investment by the saudi arabian oil company .
tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a car in a hit-and-run crash .
a basic combination of cystic fibrosis may be a `` fundamental treatment '' for people with cystic fibrosis , a study suggests .
china 's chairman zhou chengjian has been suspended for six months and four months after he build a private equity firm .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was reported missing from his home in essex .
republic of ireland defender stephen o'dea hopes his players can be a `` virtually impossible '' when they face dundee on saturday .
toronto mayor ford fans have been paying tribute to his former mayor , toronto , who has died at the age of 72 .
ray andreu 's first-half goal rescued a point for raith rovers against raith rovers in the first half of the season .
a teenage boy has been arrested after a man was stabbed to death in a suspected assault in birmingham .
police in india say they have arrested a number of suspects in connection with a fire in india 's capital , gujarat .
tunisia 's military says it is suspending the blockade of the gaza strip after the navy was granted permission to prevent a maritime vessel .
a man has been sacked after he was accused of murdering a police officer who was found dead at his lincolnshire home .
counterfeit drugs are being tested in the world 's poorest countries , according to a study of the world 's population .
british libraries will be among the winners of this year 's library of the year 2015 in the new year honours list .
northern ireland 's finance minister martin mcguinness has said the british government will suspend its own action in the northern ireland assembly .
tai chi is one of the most recognisable space missions in the world , but it was a very good moment .
the average sale of print sales in scotland has fallen to its lowest level for the first time since last year .
irish whiskey has reported a sharp fall in sales in the first three months of the year , compared with whiskey .
the death of a man whose body was found at a house in somerset has been named by police .
manuscripts have been unveiled at the university of swansea in memory of previously unseen photographs of the poet dylan thomas .
the new zealand rugby team are taking part in a live tour of new zealand to honour prince harry , who has died at the age of 27 .
what do we do if you do n't afford to buy a group that you might think it would be like to leave ?
gyda [unk] dewi [unk] yn [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] , [unk] [unk] [unk] .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the recent terror attack in the world .
leeds united chairman david haigh has resigned as managing director of the club 's director of football association -lrb- haigh -rrb- .
chelsea came from behind to beat premier league rivals manchester city in the first round of the fa cup .
geraint davies has made his first appearance of the year at the british indoor championships in glasgow on saturday .
west ham beat west ham to extend their unbeaten run to five games in the capital one cup with victory at the emirates arena .
private faith schools in birmingham have been criticised by a senior governor in the case of a private school in birmingham .
spotlight is to star in the los globe presidential election , which has been voted the best film of 2015 .
two puppies have been taken to hospital after a break-in at a ferry off the coast of east wales , the rspca has said .
barclays chief executive nick jenkins has been sacked by barclays as a result of a `` cultural crisis '' .
london 's benchmark ftse 100 has reported a fall in full-year profits , boosted by a surge in rail profitability .
charlton athletic have signed striker isaac dasilva on a two-year deal following his release by league two rivals charlton athletic .
a cub had to be rescued after getting into difficulty off the audi of a cub 's legs in edinburgh .
a senior police officer has said he is `` taken forward '' to the police watchdog 's investigation into the death of a police officer .
president yahya jammeh has said he will wipe out almost 82 % of the workforce in the next five years .
inverness caley thistle earned their first win of the season as they beat inverness caledonian thistle to go top of the scottish premiership .
the fa has been suspended from the football football association for failing to respond to the conduct of jose mourinho , the football association has said .
sherlock creator neal freeman is to star in the new year 's honours list , the bbc has revealed .
albert reynolds has been elected as the new president of dáil -lrb- longford/westmeath -rrb- in the republic of ireland .
psg rovers have agreed a deal to sign roma central defender [unk] marquinhos on a deal until the end of the season .
voters in italy have voted overwhelmingly to elect a new president in the wake of the italian election system .
a 12-year-old boy has been seriously injured in a fall from a cave in the english channel , police have said .
two people have been rescued from the sea off the coast of mayo in manchester after a record-breaking earthquake broke out .
a newborn baby girl whose body was found at a nature reserve in west yorkshire has been found , police have said .
police in rio de janeiro have said they have arrested a 16-year-old girl accused of rape and attempted rape .
a `` magnificent '' spire set up by st mary 's spire has been unveiled at st mary 's spire .
the family of a [unk] say they have found a unique way to swim in the sea off the coast of australia .
the liberal democrats ' conference in strasbourg on tuesday will be the biggest budget for the general election campaign .
a sydney airport airport has been suspended after failing to remove a pat-down screening from a screening check , the airport has said .
a woman has completed a bushfire in hawaii to help her into triathlon with a bushfire in her memory .
claudio ranieri was the winner in the premier league season , but leicester city are not a big problem .
arsenal eased into the top of the premier league with a narrow win against watford at the nou camp .
a light aircraft has crashed into the sea off the coast of stoke in the early hours of the morning .
the queen has been elected as the new chief guide for the queen 's speech in the city 's new oath .
a man has been arrested and two teenagers have been arrested in connection with a hammer attack in east london .
blackpool moved into the league two play-off places with a comfortable home win against chesterfield in the first game of the season .
a cancer patient who beaten a [unk] flag in sheffield wednesday has said he is `` determined to prove anything to live . ''
ocado has reported a big jump in sales for the first time since the financial year reporting a loss of # [unk] m .
a three-year-old boy has been killed in a freak accident in the us city of atlanta , police say .
west ham manager jose mourinho says he is `` too critical '' to destroy the club 's best home form in the premier league .
`` holywell '' shrine is one of the world 's most famous shrine , but the walk of wales ' new saint is the most important part of wales ' history .
the university of oxford has begun a legal challenge against oxford city council over concerns about the impact of the university of oxford city council .
edinburgh city will play edinburgh in the first leg of their league two play-off round of the season on thursday .
nicola sturgeon has urged scotland to stay in the eu and the rest of the european union after brexit .
the pyramid stage has been announced as the biggest headline glastonbury festival in the united states in the next few weeks .
a woman has been rescued from the roof of a hotel in east dunbartonshire after a fire broke out .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she is back to call up the political overhaul of the rhondda 's next parliament .
the closure of the m4 in lancashire has been closed for a month after the bridge was closed due to closure .
manchester city manager roberto aguero says he is `` fortunate '' not to be able to qualify for the champions league final .
great britain 's liam coxsey won gold in the women 's individual sports event at the world track championships in london .
the oil and gas centre is to create a new technology centre in the wake of the north sea .
a police officer has been cleared of assaulting and indecently assaulting a west london police officer , a court has heard .
rail passengers faced delays after a fault at check-in point in the wake of the edinburgh airport network , the airport has said .
the muppets for the first time have paid tribute to the muppets for missing piggy steve whitmire in 2014 .
lenovo has unveiled a $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- innovations that allows google to create $ 2.8 bn -lrb- â # 1.1 bn -rrb- in 2014 .
hundreds of private homes in york have been told to improve their private homes after they were hit by floods .
northern ireland 's police commissioner has said the psni will take a `` practical policing perspective '' if the uk leaves the eu .
secondary schools in derbyshire have been told to improve their librarian as a `` cherished '' picture of pupils .
andy ramsay 's first victory in wimbledon is a `` massive achievement '' , according to the man who says .
the divide in the middle classes in the middle east has been described as `` scaremongering '' by the divide in the middle east .
ukip leader nigel waters has said he is `` not backing any of the candidates in the party '' .
a us appeals court has ordered the us federal appeals court to collect business records from the us patriot intelligence agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
the number of people killed in the ebola outbreak in guinea has risen to its lowest level since 2009 , the un says .
a petition calling for the government to return home home is to be made available by the uk government .
the afghan government has said it is `` critical to show international determination '' to solve the afghan conflict .
a man has died after being hit by a car in birmingham , prompting a murder investigation after a man died .
the owner of the derby trial has been named as the new winner of the derby at the cheltenham festival .
it 's a big day for the 2017 formula 1 season , but it is not only a big day .
bournemouth have been fined # 70,000 and ordered to pay a total of # 150,000 after admitting a total of # 150,000 .
chris hart has won the prestigious comedic comedic award for the first time in the uk 's history list .
glasgow warriors scrum-half dave kebble has signed a new three-year contract with the club until the end of the 2019 season .
britain 's bianca lewandowski won a bronze medal at the track cycling world championships in serbia , beating compatriot katarina johnson-thompson .
an australian golfer who disturbed the palmer crocodile crocodile has been rescued from the sea off the coast of australia .
a man who dumped a rubbish and dumped on a tractor and dumped a tractor on his land has been jailed for six years .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the impact of the transfer of public services in scotland .
burton albion have signed midfielder stephen bywater from premier league rivals sheffield united on a free transfer . end .
the number of patients at a care hospital in lancashire has been closed to a `` very high demand '' , a healthcare trust has said .
the scale of smuggled goods from syria to syria has been seized by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , the bbc has learned .
donald trump has said he will not be the next president of the european union , but it is not enough to know that the chancellor chose him to leave the eu .
northstone engineering firm northstone has reported a sharp fall in group turnover and profits for the third year running .
nhs 111 services in parts of england and wales have been told they were `` very encouraged '' by inspectors .
it 's been a busy year for sainsbury 's in the centre of chester , but it was n't exactly what it was .
five men have been released on bail after a british man was freed on a ship 's ship in india .
sale sharks have signed sale sharks and england full-back james easter until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
china has accused the us of a stand-off with an oil rig in the disputed waters of the south china sea .
thousands of people have attended a vigil in merthyr tydfil to mark the anniversary of the death of a child .
gemma jones is doing a bit of a child , but she 's a young woman with a smile .
a man has been shot dead outside a hotel in dublin , the republic of ireland 's border security agency -lrb- on-going -rrb- has said .
the dark colour of the dark colour in australia appears to be a `` dark colour '' , a study has found .
the price of petrol and gas prices in northern ireland has fallen sharply , according to a report from the office for fiscal studies .
england reached the one-day cup quarter-finals with a [unk] victory over south africa in the first test in johannesburg .
the chairman of the welsh rugby football team -lrb- aiba -rrb- has said she is unhappy with the support of the welsh amateur boxing team .
a factory investment firm has announced plans to expand its castle maclellan factory in dumfries and galloway castle maclellan foods .
the question of ireland 's membership of the irish government has been a key moment for the uk and the republic of ireland .
bradford city moved back into the league two play-off places with a hard-fought win over 10-man bradford in the scottish league cup .
manchester united have been named as the new manager of the premier league 's fa cup game against manchester united .
serie a leaders juventus came from behind to beat napoli in the first round of the fa cup in rwanda .
villa manager jaap sherwood has urged fans to avoid relegation from the premier league as they prepare for the premier league title .
a court in lebanon has ordered the immediate release of a lebanese journalist accused of killing five members of his motorcade .
a large sinkhole at thurrock council has been damaged by a hole in the collapse of a lorry , it has been claimed .
a consultation over plans to downgrade maternity care at a cumbrian hospital has been put on hold , the health minister has said .
young people are being asked to sign up for a second year in a row over the lives of two young people in a church in monmouthshire .
a police force has agreed to review the kennels of dogs seized by a police force in devon and cornwall .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence after a car crash in which a man was injured in a car crash .
australian scientists have rescued a cargo ship off the coast of western tasmania for the first time in more than six years .
one of the uk 's most popular aldi stores , jason manford , has said he is `` absolutely crazy '' about his dad .
a campaign has been launched to unlock the encrypted contents of a fingerprint sensor on a us reader in los angeles .
the makers of the second series of the second series of the second series recently used tv producers to be filmed .
england test captain alastair taylor made a century as england beat australia in the first of their one-day series at trent bridge .
tranmere extended their lead at the top of the national league with a narrow win at tranmere rovers in the national league .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at some of the most divisive issues in africa .
a tube expert has told the bbc he believes his pets will be able to return to the house of the uk .
a patient at the centre of a care treatment at a hospital in cliftonville has been discharged from hospital .
england 's world twenty20 hopes were dealt a `` special goal '' as they beat alicante in the first match of the world cup , says captain vincent cahill .
a knitwear knitwear firm has been bought by a private equity firm in a bid to save its production of garments .
a man has been charged after a man was attacked by a man armed with a knife in his edinburgh home .
terry terry has become the first briton to win the olivier prize for the first time in her career .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel and ferrari have both won formula 1 's grand prix in the wake of the season-ending abu dhabi grand prix .
a toddler has been arrested after a robot was spotted on a shopping centre in norfolk , california , after a robot was spotted on camera .
the death of a man whose body was found at a house in liverpool has been identified by police .
rhys miller scored a hat-trick as dover came from behind to beat forest green rovers in the national league .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in north london , police have said .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has accused donald trump of `` abolish '' , saying she would abolish the second round .
the 2017 brit awards will be broadcast live on bbc radio 5 live on bbc radio 5 live on bbc radio 1 .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man outside a house in east dublin .
holders arsenal ladies will face birmingham city ladies in the semi-finals of the women 's premier league , as they prepare to face manchester city in the semi-finals .
britain 's olympic gold medallist katie brown wants to compete at this year 's olympic games in rio de janeiro .
jeremy corbyn has called for a `` nearly-but-not-quite policy '' that plans for a `` fully integrated railway '' in public ownership .
former conservative mp lord ashcroft has said he is `` reliably '' not to be treated as a `` stir '' .
the algorithm voting is a `` gimmick '' , according to a new report from the university of sheffield .
the family of a man who was stolen from a family 's home in east sussex say they are `` becoming more anxious and closed '' .
jamaica is to be sent back home from the jamaica prison after the uk voted to leave the country on wednesday .
world number two jordan wood is out of the tour championship after suffering a broken collarbone in the second round of the dubai desert classic .
the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme is `` unsustainable '' and `` unsustainable '' , a sinn féin mla has said .
dundee united manager grant mccann has said he is `` delighted '' about the future of the club 's new manager .
the perfect start to the perfect season has been a bit of a bit of a success ... we 'll know about the next few weeks .
canada 's armed forces are investigating the death of a canadian servicemen and servicemen and servicemen injured in the last of the country 's first national defence .
the us department of defense has said it is `` never materialised '' with its european sales base following the death of its founder .
the man accused of the murder of a man in belfast city centre has said he is `` not helpful and dangerous '' .
elvis presley 's daughter has died at the age of 79 . esposito his first appearance of the year .
scots need to pay a `` sudden bill '' they have gone without food , a report has found .
serena williams says the women 's game winner was `` riding on the coat tails '' after she was questioned by women 's tennis team .
in the wake of the killing of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants from the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group in san bernardino state , a few hours before the killing of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
babenco babenco , the oscar-winning actor of babenco , has died at the age of 83 , his family has said .
allingham won the [unk] motogp classic to move into the second round of the tyco bmw championship in south korea .
a group of rangers has called for rangers to protect the lives of thousands of elephants in northern mali .
the number of people diagnosed with lung cancer in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to new figures .
small businesses in the uk are n't a big problem , according to a report from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
the welsh government has been accused of failing to remove a new route for the new motorway in monmouthshire , the bbc has learned .
schools in england are not using technology , according to a study of tablet computer technology , according to a study .
cannabis plants worth an estimated # 20,000 have been seized in a garden in dorset , prompting a police appeal .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who died after being found with a stab wound .
the appointment of liverpool manager gerrard gerrard is one of the most influential players in the premier league , but it is not enough to hear .
engineers have developed a new satellite that can help understand the impact of natural disasters in the world 's oceans .
the winners of this year 's eurovision song contest have been coverage of the 2016 oscars in oscars , the oscars .
britain 's chris jung won gold in the cross-country conditions at the cross-country horse trials in the cross-country dressage final in rio .
the bodies of a number of people have been killed in flash floods in the us state of pennsylvania .
a new orleans police officer has been killed in a pick-up truck in new orleans , police have said .
bolton wanderers have signed defender richard [unk] on a season-long loan deal from premier league rivals wolverhampton wanderers for the rest of the season .
a man has been arrested in connection with an armed gang raid on a shop in the capital , dubai , police say .
the water industry is cutting the price of sewage dumping in the river thames , a professor has said .
the ulster hall and the rest of the world have been paying tribute to the arts council of northern ireland .
yemeni president abdrabbuh mansour hadi has said he is `` seeking a peaceful transfer '' in the transfer of power .
france 's centre-right presidential candidate emmanuel fillon has been elected as the new president of the elysee palace , in the wake of the scandal .
we know what happens to the bbc information site , you might think the bbc will be looking for a new bbc information site .
north korea 's president has said it is `` reckless provocations '' and `` reckless provocations '' for the north korean regime of the blue house .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a shotgun was fired at a house in east london .
a councillor has been suspended after posting abusive remarks about adolf hitler , the council has been suspended to the council .
new rules mean that children will be allowed to face poverty in the next 18 months , a study suggests .
farmers and crofters in scotland have been told they will not be able to ensure they face a extension to the payment protection system .
former derbyshire and derbyshire captain john wright has been appointed as derbyshire head coach of the 2016 winter olympics .
the metropolitan police service -lrb- met -rrb- has said it is `` trigger-happy '' that firearm officers are not doing enough to have officers .
when west ham united pulled out of the premier league last season , it was n't only a big day for sir jose mourinho .
a teenage girl has been charged after testing positive drugs with a street value of # [unk] m in county armagh .
the welsh government has `` no limit to fund fund welsh universities '' , a senior welsh tory mp has said .
the sale of mexican food chain boojum has been sold at auction for the first time in a row .
toni carney and toni duggan have been named in the england squad for next month 's euro 2016 qualifier against pakistan .
a man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for his part in a cancer battle in the 1970s and 1980s .
middlesbrough midfielder andy rhodes has signed a new five-year contract with the premier league club . gmt a three-year deal .
a family of potato farmers who created a family farm in australia has made his first days of the year to make extra money for a bank manager .
the number of patients being seen in wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to a new report .
the first minister has said he will not be able to build two links between the balmoral show website .
a woman who raped a woman in a pub in hounslow has been sentenced to a year by a judge .
the man who attacked a train in glasgow has said they are `` no response '' to passengers ' behaviour .
muirhead 's rink has won the european gymnastics championships for the first time since the european championships in glasgow .
german chancellor angela merkel has said she believes the german government is failing to investigate the birth of the drug scandal .
a search has resumed for a missing flight from the mediterranean sea off the coast of italy , the italian coastguard says .
new bath head coach rob baxter says he has `` no quality '' in his position as director of rugby .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a firework at a shop in north belfast .
taxi drivers in singapore are being charged with booking permission to allow taxi services to be allowed to register .
the premier league season continues to dominate the premier league title in manchester city , but it is not only one of the biggest upsets in the premier league .
a keighley club football club has been attacked by a group of rugby fans who have been refused entry to the ground .
rangers owner mike ashley has been ordered to pay for his part in a row over a deal worth up to # [unk] .
staff at a council-owned recycling plant in gloucester have been suspended after a worker died following a crash in gloucester .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has become the first british player to win the premier league title in the premier league .
flooding has affected drains and pumping systems across parts of yarmouth , according to a new fire station in cumbria .
us president donald trump has said he will speak to donald trump 's comments about the us `` ironclad '' .
two men have been charged with fraud and corruption charges after a number of employees were involved in a fraud scandal .
us presidential hopeful donald lewandowski has been charged with assault , us media report , in the first day of the republican presidential nomination .
in the summer of the us open final , we look at some of the highlights of the us open final .
a fire broke out at a sports hall in west yorkshire which was destroyed by fire , the fire service has said .
british and irish lions head coach warren gatland has a `` unfortunate operation '' in the british and irish lions in the third test in wellington on monday .
you might have seen anything like if you want to know about the next few years , but it is not a great piece of space .
former premier league club aston villa have appointed former aston villa boss tom fox as their new director of football .
a woman has been reunited with her daughter after she was injured in a flight from thailand , her family has said .
a children 's hospital in belfast has reopened after a # 8m investment by the health minister revealed it would be `` a very old building '' .
the abertay university of abertay has placed abertay university the university of malta for the first consecutive year in a row .
the bodies of two soldiers who died in a terror attack have been described as a `` traditional '' salute by the ministry of defence .
michael mccarthy 's latest comedy julys has topped the us box office for the first time in more than 20 years .
great britain 's hopes of qualifying for the champions trophy were dashed as they beat south korea in germany .
the world 's longest swimmer has paid tribute to his `` only real fear '' after his attempt to swim the atlantic ocean .
the remains of japanese climbers killed in the matterhorn 's matterhorn have been found on the island of the matterhorn .
a woman has been rescued from a cargo ship off shetland after getting into difficulty in oban harbour in oban .
the national insurance agency has called for the government to encourage more people to claim they have been exposed to the national insurance system .
charlton athletic manager mark luzon says he is confident they can bring the football association into the league cup quarter-finals .
the death of a [unk] turtle found washed up on a beach in cumbria has been described as a `` 50/50 chance '' .
game of thrones users ' season has been cancelled because of a `` cyber incident '' , reports say .
one of africa 's biggest art , african art -lrb- [unk] -rrb- , is one of the world 's most popular and most popular .
the family of richard bailey has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award for the ashes of the ashes .
the coffins of the former nazi concentration camp have been held at a mausoleum in the french capital , germany .
a man has pleaded guilty to kidnapping a woman who was reported missing from his shrewsbury home in shrewsbury .
banks in the uk are being put forward by the centre of the link network network , the company has said .
the environment agency has said it is `` not insured '' in the wake of a wall collapse of a wall that collapsed .
phil hughes was a hero `` hero to kids around the nation '' when he was hit by a cricket ball during a match at sheffield united .
the chief executive of bay tv , bay tv station , has been sold at auction for # [unk] .
ted jones will be able to return to the city for the champions league final at the end of this season .
policemen caught cheating at a school in bihar in the early hours of the year have been released by the authorities .
bank of england governor mark rouhani has told the bbc he will not seek re-election in the country 's public sector .
the american civil liberties union -lrb- aclu -rrb- has said it is `` no less than once daily '' to allow machines to buy phones in the area .
[unk] njava is one of the most successful winners in the history of the bbc african athlete of the year .
rodrigo kelton was a member of the brazilian city of training sessions in the capital , durban , in the middle of the city of rio de janeiro .
the value of goods and services in the eu would be a `` points-based system '' , a report by the bbc has found .
slovenia became the first side to reach the second qualifying round of the fifa world cup thanks to a 1-0 win over slovenia .
at least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bombing in the iraqi capital , baghdad , officials say .
a breast cancer cancer may have a much larger role , scientists have said , in a study of breast cancer .
michael van gerwen will be out for the rest of the season in the final round of the premier league .
new guidance has been made available to help tackle domestic abuse in england and wales , a charity has said .
chipotle chinese grill [unk] has been shut down because of a strain of e. coli , the cdc says .
a former wales physiotherapist has been given a suspended prison sentence after admitting victims of the illegal sale of # 30,000 .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and reuters - the world 's first ever memorial service for the first time in the country 's history .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- fighters in iraq and iraq , iraq and iraq , iraq and iraq are among those fighting islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq , the pentagon has said .
nigerian authorities say they have halted a deal worth up to $ 25m -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] m -rrb- as part of a peace deal worth more than $ 8bn -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
a 16-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in a park in north lanarkshire .
the partner of a woman whose body was found at her home in greenock has said she is `` working with limited information '' .
a nurse who forged a mother with a potentially lethal dose of insulin has been found guilty of attempted murder .
the world 's first purpose-built prototype [unk] has been launched to the public for the first time in more than 20 years .
inflation in the uk has fallen to its lowest level in more than three years , according to new figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
fifa 's decision to cut the world cup for the world cup has been called `` the best solution '' for the tournament .
plans to build a grade ii-listed holiday lodges in warwick castle have been rejected by the council of the warwick society .
a man has been sentenced to jail for sending a parcel of cannabis into a parcel of cannabis plants .
the number of people killed in west africa last winter has hatched at the east norfolk coast , according to conservationists .
students at queen 's university have been told they will not be able to stay in the building of a university .
a statue of a statue has been carried out on a statue of a man who belongs to a statue .
singer mitchell collins has spoken of her pride after she was diagnosed with an aneurysm in her home in california .
three people have been found guilty of the rape and robbery of a woman at a prison in somerset .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death by a cyclist in a wisconsin suburb .
manchester united have signed former manchester united and manchester united midfielder ryan baxter on a short-term deal until the end of the season .
dylan hartley has been suspended by the welsh rugby football union because he is `` not going to hinder '' the head coach .
republican presidential candidate jeb palin is the most influential figure in the country 's politics in the general election .
safety concerns have been raised about the future of the devonport devonport , the company behind the devonport [unk] has said .
the church of england has voted to waive fees of # 100 a year to the church of england .
south korea 's controversial new york city -lrb- feng -rrb- is building a new headquarters for the first time .
a prison officer has been found guilty of fraud and fraud charges after a judge ruled him guilty of fraud .
wales ' first minister nicola cairns has said he is `` absolutely committed '' to the uk government 's plans for the uk government to leave the uk .
extra payments for junior doctors in northern ireland are being considered by the health secretary , the health secretary has said .
league one side shrewsbury town have signed defender phil barnett on a one-year deal following his release by mk dons .
`` you 're going to need to understand how we 're going to work , '' says disney 's vice president , snoddy snoddy .
live coverage of the olympia grand prix , which will be the biggest coverage of the olympia grand prix , has been announced .
ofgem has said it is `` very bold enough '' to contact the energy networks of customers who have switched to their bills .
the world 's largest buddhist buddhist is in a stable condition in the country 's capital , bhutan , for the first time .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said labour voters are `` fundamentally disagreeing '' with labour 's plans to leave the european union .
a 12-year-old girl is in a serious condition in hospital after being hit by a car in glasgow . '
hull has donated # 22m to hull fc for the first time since the end of last year 's torch relays .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a world cup match in portland , oregon .
welsh liberal democrat leader nick williams has said she wants to be `` upfront '' by the welsh liberal democrats .
the bodies of a man found dead in a burning building have been treated as `` ridiculous '' , police have said .
london 's transport minister has urged the government to freeze tfl fares in london 's 2020 transport fares freeze .
holders portugal will face hosts portugal in the quarter-finals of the 2018 world cup in [unk] , france . '
the bodies of a man and a woman have been found dead at a house in ballycastle , county antrim .
the body of a spanish man has been found in a park in madrid , where he was one of the victims of the london terror attack .
at least 14 people have been killed in a gun attack on a train station in china 's xinjiang region , state media report .
in our series of letters from donald trump , donald trump and hillary clinton are well known as the most powerful political figure in the world .
a plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a man at bergen-belsen terminal .
the father of a british diver who died in a buoy accident in the republic of ireland has said he is `` unlikely to have survived '' .
a rail company has been fined â # 80,000 for failing to remove safety equipment from its mainline trains .
britain 's michael schumacher has become the first briton to win a grand prix pole medal , his wife michael schumacher has said .
the organisation of the world 's largest chemical weapons declaration -lrb- opcw -rrb- has released a declaration of chemical weapons and chemical weapons .
[unk] ka people have been charged with acid attacks in the capital , california , in the capital , delhi .
homeless people in northampton say they are `` addicted to sleep on the streets '' , a council report has said .
a stunning second-half goal saw birmingham city ladies beat birmingham city ladies to go top of the premier division .
plans for a # 6m revamp of newbury railway have been approved by councillors in the city , bbc wales understands .
scientists say they have developed a new way to provide the extra food available for the future of the nhs .
a supermarket has agreed a deal to buy a corn supermarket in crickhowell , the action group has said .
pakistan one-day cup match against pakistan has been postponed because of a dispute over betting patterns , the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- has said .
in the wake of donald tusk 's decision to leave the eu , there is a sense of frustration and uncertainty in the eu referendum .
the pyramid stage slot on the pyramid stage has been cancelled due to foo fighters , the bbc has learned .
port vale moved into the league two play-off places as they beat port vale to move into the league two play-off places .
rugby league 's bottom club london broncos have been announced as the club 's new head of the capital .
a russian air strike in turkey has been shot down and killed by a russian jet , the russian president has said .
the uk 's `` macroeconomic imbalances '' is `` turning a corner of recovery '' in the wake of the economic collapse of the uk economy , a conservative mp has said .
eastenders actress dame barbara windsor has said he was approached by eastenders as `` the last time legend of eastenders '' .
ronnie o'sullivan reached the second round of the us open with a comfortable win over ronnie o'sullivan in the first round of the french open .
a solution has been postponed following a crash on the [unk] in the borders of the city 's highland city .
oldham athletic midfielder cristian montano has been suspended by the club following his arrest over allegations he made contact with cristian montano .
margaret thatcher , who has died at the age of 74 , has died at the age of 27 .
the introduction of a auto-enrolment pension pot has been launched in the wake of the government 's flagship pensions policy .
the story of the triple harp of the triple harp of the triple harp of the triple harp of the triple harp of the triple harp of the triple harp of the triple harp , it has been revealed .
a man has apologised for a parcel of a parcel of a toilet in the loo 's toilet in the loo .
a woman has become the first person to be able to walk away from a care home in cumbria .
a cafe in powys has been restored to a cafe after a woman was found dead in a cafe .
it 's been a year since the death of amy smith in the us , in the middle of the internet .
a runner who died in a motorbike crash in staffordshire has been flown alive by the midlands air ambulance service .
britain 's vincenzo nibali won stage three of the giro d'italia in the first round of the giro d'italia .
britain 's heather watson lost in the women 's individual women 's individual women 's singles at wimbledon with victory in the women 's individual sabre .
scottish borders council has reported a `` substantial increase '' in the number of town centres in the towns and cities , according to new figures .
the remains of a man murdered in the republic of ireland have been identified by the city of dublin , the bbc has learned .
a man accused of raping and sexually abusing young girls at a takeaway in rochdale has been struck off .
a us man has been sentenced to jail for brutally assaulting a woman to death by a court in the us .
sam allardyce has signed a new four-year deal with england women 's super league one club , replacing him at the end of the season .
scunthorpe united have signed scunthorpe defender josh watson on loan until the end of the season until the end of the season .
footage : ultron , ultron , has been released by the filming villain for comic-con , comic-con , on broadway .
mississippi 's human rights system is `` frightening '' and `` embarrassing '' and `` extremely disappointing '' , a senior human rights lawyer has said .
swansea city manager paul clement says his players must be `` seven games '' as they prepare to face tottenham in the premier league .
bags of plastic bags have been captured in a remote part of a nature reserve in uist , county down .
leeds united manager harry cellino says he is `` less people protesting '' as he attempts to become manager of the premier league club .
teachers in welsh language are being asked to speak welsh and welsh language targets in the education system , the welsh language commissioner has said .
it 's been a year since the death of another chair in the french capital , portugal , in the middle east .
rugby league player danny burgess has been flown to france to become the next head of the rugby football club .
a man has died after being hit by a fire at a house in east london . been the offence of terrorism .
the father of a man who died in syria has said he is `` devastated '' by the death of his son .
in the summer of ben llewellin , the great british bake off the winner of the 2016 commonwealth games in rio de janeiro .
a conservative mp has called for english laws to speak to english and welsh mps to speak to english and welsh mps .
engineers have developed a robotic tentacle capable of producing invasive surgical tools in the first time in the world .
the tourism minister has said the agenda of tourism in northern ireland is `` very much less an effort '' .
the father of a man who was granted asylum in the us state of moscow has told the bbc he is `` hope '' to discuss legal options .
a prison has been attacked by inmates at a prison in devizes town centre , the bbc has learned .
a number of people have been killed in air strikes by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the syrian city of aleppo , the un says .
storm desmond battered parts of the uk and lancashire last winter , according to new figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ceh -rrb- .
celtic 's europa league campaign came to an end as they were held to a draw at windsor park .
the owner of the ss dockyard in bristol has been cancelled due to a lease about the future of the bristol harbour harbour .
the welsh government has approved plans for a compulsory purchase order for the next two years , it has been announced .
a new reconstruction has been found in the search for a missing woman from [unk] in north africa . 520 million years .
it 's almost a year since the start of the first year of corporation tax rates in the last year .
cladding on high-rise flats in scotland has failed fire safety tests , the local government association has said , after the grenfell tower fire .
us president barack obama has paid tribute to her `` little darling '' in her first film at the age of three .
mc lumoex and [unk] dafa are among those who have been killed in south sudan in the capital , juba .
russia 's foreign ministry has said it was `` outraged '' by bikers ' plans to build a night wolves trip to crimea .
britain 's neil robertson won the world snooker ranking event in the opening round of the world snooker championship in south korea .
mental health services in england are being made available by the nhs in england , the nhs has said .
scotland 's energy system has reached a record high , according to official figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
hundreds of thousands of people have held rallies in cities across the country to protest against the government 's controversial reform plan .
bobby gennett has become the first briton to win a record for the first time since becoming the first female rider to win the texas grand prix .
a woman has been cleared of breaking a pipe bomb in dumfries and galloway , a court has heard .
brentford have appointed matthew mcparland as their new head coach following the departure of manager matthew weir , reports bbc radio northampton .
footprints have been discovered at a nature reserve in ceredigion , the royal commission has revealed it has found a world war two footprints .
brazilian football federation president dilma rousseff has said the country 's olympic torch relay will be held in the olympic games .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from cliffs in oban during the early hours of the morning .
the pink dot rally in singapore has taken place in the capital , singapore , in a speech calling for a ban on gay sex in singapore .
four people have been found guilty of a total of # 14m of a hatton garden bank vault raid dating back to a break-in .
a primary school in ceredigion has reopened after a seven-year-old boy fell away from a minibus because she was left unattended .
local councils are being urged to make a `` weakest link '' between business and technical issues , the bbc has learned .
ghana 's president has ordered the country 's air ambulance -lrb- unmeer -rrb- to resume air operations in the capital , accra .
a man has been arrested in connection with a cocaine trafficking syndicate in sydney , queensland state media report .
there 's a general election coming up in the wake of the egyptian voting rate , the egyptian government has said it is `` mistaken '' for the new constitution .
the former royal irish military commander has said he is `` totally insensitive '' to the effect of the bloody sunday trust in londonderry .
a russian man has been found dead after a door door was found on a greek island in moscow , greek police say .
the proportion of children 's teeth in wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to new figures .
a [unk] car in the us state of zurich has become the fastest car to hit a record high .
crowd control of the s * n s * n n the s * n n the s * n n the * n n the * n n feature the s * n , according to a motion .
a number of people have been killed and another injured in a suspected gas blast in north-eastern nigeria , police say .
safety cameras are expected to begin on friday in a bid to cut the number of motorway improvements in dumfries and galloway .
united goalkeeper harry lewis has signed a new three-year contract with the league one club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
four people have been rescued from the sea off mont blanc in mont blanc in the capital , mont blanc .
u2 fans have paid tribute to their `` led zeppelin '' in the wake of the death of u2 frontman dennis sheehan .
vietnam says it has detained a us military destroyer over the disputed islands of woody missiles on the island of woody island .
a computer virus has been brought back online after a computer attack on a computer centre in the us state of kentucky .
skyscanner , the world 's biggest mobile phone provider , has reported an increase in profits for the first half of 2015 .
the irish government 's decision to ban psychoactive nitrous oxide -lrb- laughing gas -rrb- -lrb- laughing gas -rrb- -lrb- laughing gas -rrb- -lrb- laughing gas -rrb- -lrb- laughing gas -rrb- should be included in the next parliament , according to a committee of mps .
thailand 's supreme court has rejected a criminal case against the government over the use of the government 's controversial rice subsidy scheme .
the scottish premiership season gets under way in the spotlight on saturday , but it was the winners of this season 's champions league campaign .
ferry passengers have been removed from the loch seaforth after a fault at a ferry off the coast of scotland .
nottingham forest 's pursuit of the premier league title race suffered a setback as they were held to a draw at birmingham city .
katy perry is one of the most influential singers in the world , but katy perry is n't the only person to be able to be the best in the world .
cornwall 's hopes of reaching the last eight of the county championship were dealt a blow as they beat cornwall in a wet rome .
holders chelsea have been relegated from the premier league after winning the premier league title with a win at stamford bridge .
more than 100 people have attended a display in nottingham to mark the 150th anniversary of the boat 's boat .
google 's new system has been developed by google 's artificial intelligence service -lrb- ai -rrb- website , which it may be able to get human input .
the world 's elephants have been celebrating the world 's elephants race , which has been at the centre of the world 's olympic games .
rolling out school meals for free school meals should be used to pay for free school meals , a senior mp has said .
a number of people in northern ireland have been diagnosed with immediate effect after the ulster hospital trust -lrb- cardiologists -rrb- was unable to relocate .
britain 's gordon cassells and laura scrimgeour won gold medals at the rotterdam open to qualify for the final of the rotterdam open .
a senior police officer has been found guilty of gross misconduct , the ipcc has been told to explain .
[unk] aguirre aguirre has been elected as the new president of the japanese city of puerto vallarta , who has died aged 72 .
south africa must be `` hammered '' the world 's top players in the world cup , says chief executive gary mashaba .
north korea 's supreme court has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a north korean leader .
the mother of a woman who says she is `` ecstatic '' after being diagnosed with bowel cancer cancer has said he is `` ecstatic '' .
the cross bridge in london has been closed for the first time in more than six years , it has been announced .
flight bookings may be used to prevent hackers trying to steal personal information , a security expert has told the bbc .
pope francis has been appointed as the new albanian bishop of albania -lrb- beatified -rrb- in a new decree .
giant panda tian tian has been artificially [unk] by the zoo where a poor panda was born in china .
manchester city 's premier league match has been cancelled due to terror attacks in manchester , police have said .
msps have backed calls for the corporate body of a coffee urns that could use a coffee diminished in the scottish parliament .
britain 's mark higgins has become the first man to win the world grand prix of the season in melbourne .
taliban leaders have shot dead a taliban fighter in the afghan province of balochistan , the afghan national security agency -lrb- mansour -rrb- has said .
a woman who was found guilty of murdering her daughter has said she is `` ok '' and `` sleep lives '' .
england batsman joe taylor has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury . of the england and wales cricket board .
the world 's longest bus has been officially opened by the royal society of sculptors , which has been one of the world 's most popular animals .
plans to demolish a [unk] pool pool in reading have been put up for sale in a bid to save money .
at least 18 people have been killed and another injured in a fire at a bus in the german city of dresden .
british cycling 's governing body has been criticised by the world anti-doping agency -lrb- houvenaghel -rrb- for failing to properly investigate her complaint .
a woman has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman whose body was found in a lonely grave in argyll .
thomas hitzlsperger has become the first german footballer to have his sexuality played in the german premier league , the football association has said .
a man has been arrested in connection with a gang rape in a convent in kolkata -lrb- calcutta -rrb- , police have said .
in the wake of the labour leadership contest , the conservatives have been celebrating the 30th anniversary of the general election .
a woman accused of making a `` liar '' she would have been a liar , a court has heard .
the eu 's brexit negotiator has urged the government to sell fish to the european union as a result of brexit negotiations .
the g8 summit in belfast continues to be the most peaceful in the country 's history , with the aim of war .
a man who drove a car into a halfords car has been told to apologise after he was caught on camera .
a search for a british naval ship has been found in the sea off the coast of kuala lumpur , australian investigators say .
mark hughes scored his first goal of the season to give chelsea victory over burkina faso in the first game of the season .
sale sharks earned their first premiership win of the season as they beat sale sharks to go top of the premiership .
nottingham forest have signed defender phil gape on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
a horse has died after falling from a balcony at cheltenham 's festival , it has been revealed , after the death of an 11-year-old boy .
a large plane has landed safely at gatwick airport after being hit by lightning , the airline has said .
a barn practice surgery has been placed in special measures after inspectors found an infestation of norovirus at a mental health practice unit .
`` i 'm a fan that i 'm going to print a ground in the town , but it is not a rotherham fan .
the scottish parliament 's general election campaign has been launched by the scottish parliament and the scottish parliament 's general election .
a dale farm has been made a `` dale farm ii '' in essex council , police have said .
a large fire has broken out at a house in glasgow 's scotway house . 20 of the houses of the glasgow harbour .
australian open chief executive jonathan fleming has said he is `` surprised '' by the sport 's decision to fix a suspected match-fixing match-fixing in australia .
plans for a new railway station in lancashire have been approved by councillors in lancashire . also approved plans for the first time .
in the world of tennis you might think about the future of the formula 1 season , but how did it ?
inditex , the richest man to date for the richest man in the world , has posted a $ [unk] -lrb- $ [unk] ; â # [unk] m -rrb- online drive .
crashes on the a74 -lrb- m -rrb- were affected by crashes on the a74 -lrb- m -rrb- near the a74 -lrb- [unk] -rrb- near a motorway near [unk] in dumfries and galloway .
bruno rolled off the presses of the world cup were `` bonkers '' and `` catastrophe '' , according to a charity .
former nigeria captain charlotte oliseh says he is `` very pleased with the results of the team 's confidence '' .
defending champions leeds rhinos will host st helens in the women 's super league for the first time in four years .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has said he is `` confident '' that foreign leaders must end their lives .
travellers leaving the channel tunnel in the uk are to be scanned , the uk government has said , after reports of a new system .
leeds united manager brian mccall has said he does not understand why stuart mccall has been sacked as manager of the football association .
manchester united 's mick riley has become the first player to receive a # 53,000 fine for the club .
hull city ended a run of three straight league wins with a comfortable victory at exeter city in the national league .
france 's controversial aid package has been held in the spanish capital , valls , in a protest against the government 's aid package .
south africa 's governing body has become the first south african side to join the pro12 season in the pro12 .
sir jimmy savile has said he is `` responsible for looking at honours '' for the removal of sir jimmy savile .
a petition calling for a petition calling for the treatment of a woman who has been missing for more than three years has been launched .
britain 's laura [unk] won gold in the men 's 400m hurdles at the world championships in london , canada .
scotland manager mark mcghee has urged fans to be `` rubbish , boo and boo '' as he prepares for sunday 's world cup qualifier against canada .
jono gibbs has signed a new three-year contract to stay with ulster at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
east dunbartonshire council needs to cut â # [unk] over the next five years , a report has found .
a man accused of murdering his partner in birmingham has told a murder trial she was `` really upset '' .
crawley overturned a run of three successive league games to beat leyton orient and strengthen their position at the top of league one .
senegal 's president says the european union is `` under no illusions '' after the european union said it was `` not enough for africa '' .
livingston came from behind to beat brechin city in the scottish championship of the scottish league one spring cup .
a woman has been rescued from a burning car in rhondda cynon taff after a hole in her arm .
an appeal has been launched for a parking offence after a parking alert at mazda in dumfries and galloway .
chancellor george osborne has said the uk leaving the eu would cause an `` economic shock '' in the eu referendum result .
derry city 's winless run in the national league came to an end as they drew 2-2 with wexford side derry city .
a cyber attack has been found at a council 's premises in the centre of a malicious cyber attack .
hull kr earned their first win of the super league season with a bonus-point win at hull kr on saturday .
spain 's security forces are continuing to investigate the deadly attack on a van in the capital , las vegas .
the world 's longest shipyard has been painstakingly restored to its former glory of the royal navy 's james bond yard .
the pakistani ambassador to the pakistani city of balochistan has said he is `` foolish '' to drop demands for a separate balochistan balochistan .
scientists have developed a dinosaur reconstruction that could have moved its own bodies in the uk . ' place in the uk .
a sea salt company is to create a new sea salt company for the first time in the uk .
britain 's olympic gold medallist david smith has said he wants to walk all around the world beyond rio de janeiro .
two women have been rescued from the sea off the coast of east anglia after getting into difficulty off the sea off the coast .
an inquest into the death of a man who died after a suspected gas blast has been found , an inquest has heard .
a rail network has been fined # 1m by a gang of men who stole # 1m from a rail network .
bournemouth manager eddie howe has urged his players to avoid a `` lack of confidence '' in the premier league .
volkswagen has said it will resume deliveries of customer deliveries in the wake of the emissions dispute over faulty ignition parts .
the australian attorney general has said she was asked to resign if she had been asked to resign , the shadow attorney general has said .
huddersfield town have signed warrington wolves defender ben ormsby on a one-month loan deal from premier league rivals warrington .
portraits of mao 's mao series have been sold at auction for $ [unk] m -lrb- # [unk] m -rrb- in a new portrait .
an australian doctor who used a patient to work in a false passport has been awarded citizenship , the health minister has said .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in east london .
match reports from saturday 's scottish premiership and championship games in the scottish premiership and championship games in the scottish premiership .
a man accused of murdering his girlfriend has told a murder trial she was `` aggressive '' to him .
a hidden chambers of the pyramid has been discovered at a pyramids in suffolk , the egyptian antiquities ministry has said .
oldham athletic have signed striker jonathan pritchard on a free transfer following his release by league two rivals portsmouth .
usain gatlin failed to win the 200m at the world rowing championships in london as he attempts to climb out of the world championships in london .
sunderland defender angel januzaj has been ruled out of the rest of the season after injuring a knee ligament injury .
earth 's carbon abundance may be a distant planet , according to a new study of earth 's carbon abundance .
forest green rovers manager shaun parkin scored his first goal of the season as they beat forest green rovers in the national league .
it is a great year for women in the world , but it 's not seen anything quite like it .
the mayor of london has urged the mayor of london to protest against their plans to scrap the supply trap trap trap trap .
mexican governor [unk] yarrington has been extradited from the united states to face charges of money laundering , us media report .
a bird has been shot in a `` mindless gull '' in the scottish borders , police have said .
turkish president vladimir putin is holding talks with turkish president vladimir putin for the first time since the end of last year 's eu referendum .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes wants his future to remain at the club beyond the end of the current season .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he is `` disappointed '' with jazz richards and jazz richards in the summer transfer window .
andy mccall has ruled himself out of the rest of the world cup after winning the european champions cup in exeter .
the final round of the eu referendum campaign is under way in the wake of the eu referendum result .
jenni orr has been shortlisted for the bbc national short story award for her role in the bbc national short story award .
aberdeen have signed former aberdeen and scotland under-21 midfielder jack quinn on loan from inverness caledonian thistle until the end of the season .
ikea has said it has successfully tested its design for a second beach chair in a row over medical treatment .
bowel cancer is a `` critical window '' in the world , according to a study from the world cancer research fund .
hibernian head coach neil lennon believes his side are offered deals with the players out of the transfer window .
the isle of man world war ii pilot has died in a plane crash in the isle of man .
newcastle university is to invest # [unk] m to build a new city centre in a bid to create jobs .
a survey of lung cancer is to be made available by the uk health protection agency -lrb- radon -rrb- .
a woman has been conned out of a computer treatment after being rescued from a computer fault in stranraer .
a fire has broken out at a house in kirkton , county tyrone , after a fire broke out at a house in cheshire .
sudan 's capital is arguably the most powerful state in the world - and it 's just one of the most important issues in the world .
australia 's finance minister , katter katter , has been criticised for mocking a gun in a nightclub in orlando , australia .
the risk of sepsis is failing to protect patients from sepsis , according to a charity that runs the nhs .
the world championships in america is preparing to welcome the world 's most famous mascots for the world championships in las vegas .
a new # 1m visitor centre in cambridge has been put up for sale for # 1m in a bid to save money .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in a field in hampshire .
us president donald trump has said he is `` destined to fail '' after receiving a deal with cuban president donald trump .
nico rosberg comfortably edged mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton to pole position at the singapore grand prix as mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .
it 's time to be the first music festival of scotland 's independence campaign group , but it 's a question : `` i am like i 'm celebrating . ''
the ministry of defence has said it is `` sending to our enemies '' in the wake of a plan to increase the number of army reservists .
three people have been taken to hospital following a crash in which a woman died in a car crash .
the finance secretary has backed calls for the finance minister to publish a draft budget for the scottish parliament .
worcestershire fast bowler mitch santner has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a finger injury .
celtic manager gordon strachan is the new manager of young players now , according to former parkhead midfielder gordon strachan .
the cuban president has said he is `` working on for quite some time '' as he plans to shut down the counter-terrorism facility in guantanamo bay .
the first-ever tailless unmanned aircraft has been unveiled in the us city of northrop in the us city of northrop .
ofsted has begun a refund form after the parents of a teacher accused of possessing and possessing indecent images of children .
the family of a woman who was removed from a public gallery in belfast have said they are `` shocked '' by their register .
a man has appeared in court charged with the rape and sexual assault of a young mp in the republic of ireland .
broadband speeds are a `` distinct poverty '' , according to a report from the government 's communications watchdog .
the survivors of the new zealand say they have been drinking and sick are missing from the world 's most advanced whales .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- says north korea 's new ice hockey team will enter a combined ice hockey hockey team .
ubs chief ubs has been placed under official investigation by the french authorities over alleged links to the french central bank .
thousands of astronauts have attended the bbc 's sound of space for the first time in the uk 's history .
three marines have been rescued from the sea off the coast of libya , the us marine agency says .
alloa athletic maintained their promotion play-off push with a win against alloa athletic in the scottish league cup clash .
traffic lights have been put on a road in plymouth following a new traffic increase in the city centre .
a police investigation has been launched after a police investigation into the conduct of a man at a cost of # 150,000 .
super league side castleford tigers have signed australia centre [unk] eagles for an undisclosed fee . end his summer season .
gardeners are being warned about the dangers of bluebell garlic in the mediterranean sea , the environment secretary has said .
supermarket chain asda has been told it must do more to improve its security after its websites were hit by security issues .
a man has been found `` dumping clippings '' in colwyn bay , prompting a police appeal for witnesses .
sir ian mckellen is to star in the british theatre award for the first time since returning to the uk .
a `` killing machine '' has been found at a pembrokeshire nature reserve in wales . expected the first time of the year .
two men have been arrested in connection with a gun attack on a man in a street in north london .
cosmetic lenses have been used to help tackle cosmetic contact lenses across the uk , a law watchdog has said .
a man accused of murdering her boyfriend has told a court he was `` scared of death '' in the wake of her death .
a new # 1.2 m facility in staffordshire has been officially opened by councillors in staffordshire , creating 400 jobs .
chinese authorities say they have been arrested in connection with the death of a man in the city of chingola in eastern zambia .
oil firm tullow has warned that oil prices have fallen sharply after the oil company said it would pay # 1.7 bn in 2015 .
a music shop in sunderland has voted to sell their own album in a bid to sell their own album .
spending on flood and coastal flood defences in wales are being affected by flooding and storms , figures have shown .
the liberal democrats have accused the liberal democrats of being `` politically biased '' by the liberal democrats -lrb- yianni -rrb- .
welsh rugby union chief executive martyn mcbryde says he is `` really looking forward to doing it again '' .
unpaid internships should be paid to help young people who are working without family , a report has found .
coffee giant coca-cola has announced it will pay $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- to the us company coca-cola over the next three years .
qatar 's foreign minister , al jazeera , has urged the us government to produce a list of 13 conditions in qatar .
scotland 's health secretary has been criticised for spending over a new gp contract in the last year , it has been announced .
welsh premier league champion liam williams will return to action in the first qualifying round of the world championship in nottingham .
the us military says it has arrested two people in connection with the final section of the final section of the dakota access pipeline .
manchester city manager francesco conte says he will appeal against his decision to allow him to overturn his loan spell at the club .
`` it 's become like an obsession '' , says marta hugo chavez , who has died at the age of 88 .
northern ireland 's `` mixed messages '' of the uk 's exit from the eu would be a `` north-south trade agreement '' , the dup leader has said .
a former caerphilly farmer who admitted causing the death of a caerphilly miners who died in a crash has been described as a `` yes '' .
a head teachers ' head teacher has called for a `` duvet day '' to pay for a primary school in lincolnshire .
the owners of the canadian lancaster resort -lrb- airworthy -rrb- lancaster have said they are `` soon soon '' .
colchester united have signed defender sam gilmartin on a two-year deal following his release by league one rivals colchester united .
france 's presidential elections began on thursday , with the prime minister theresa may announced his first term in office .
hull kr forward albert kelly has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
the supreme court in california has voted in favour of a ban on gay marriage in the us senate .
hartlepool united have appointed former hartlepool united manager gary hignett as manager of the championship club 's new owners .
the foreign ministry has apologised to the foreign ministry for help with a russian cat who works to leave russia .
mick de souza walked out of the final day of the world grand prix in hawaii on saturday night .
chancellor george osborne has said the uk tax system would be `` open for global business investment '' in the next five years .
a six-year-old girl has told a court she was `` well up '' after she was accused of sexually abusing a 15-year-old girl .
a lack of racism in football is a `` red card '' in wales , according to a senior football fan .
welsh secretary alun jones has said the uk government is `` giving the best possible deal '' for a second independence referendum .
there is no doubt that a number of david cameron 's questions about the future of the uk 's membership of the eu referendum campaign .
jersey 's exit from the english football league has been criticised by uefa , the sport 's football association has confirmed .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is `` really careful '' about the wrong person with a gun .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car in bristol .
rangers have signed west brom striker saido dorrans on a free transfer from west bromwich albion for an undisclosed fee .
colombia 's security forces have seized control of 500 tonnes of pablo escobar in the capital , clan , in the us state of colombia .
it 's a tale of one of the most famous artists in the world 's most famous artist , mccartney .
a russian u-boat in the bowels of the surface of the surface ship has been spotted in the sky for a few hours .
nigeria coach keshi keshi has been ruled out of the rest of the season after his contract was terminated .
the saltire society has been shortlisted for the poetry of the year for non-fiction for non-fiction for the year honours .
wonder woman , a feminist , has been appointed as the new head of the comic book superhero superhero superhero .
rugby union chairman greg phillips has been sacked by the rugby football association by the end of the year .
poland goalkeeper and [unk] boruc has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in york .
belfast 's northern ireland assembly has begun a legal challenge to the high court in northern ireland over the issue of a orange lodge campaign .
delays in the inquests into the deaths of 97 people in northern ireland have been re-opened , the court of appeal has ruled .
pope francis has said he has been chosen as the next president of paraguay 's presidential presidential election , following the riots in paraguay .
lee mcculloch has been appointed manager of the scottish premiership club 's scottish premiership final bid for a second consecutive season .
the family of a woman who say they are `` left completely penniless '' have said they are `` left completely penniless '' by police .
migration is `` too early to deliver freedom of movement '' , theresa may has told the bbc 's general election manifesto .
wigan recorded their first win of the season in the super 8s as they beat leeds rhinos to go top of the super league .
ofcom has announced it will launch a local tv tv network to create a new local tv network . force up to 400 jobs .
the death of a 16-year-old boy who was missing from a river in monmouthshire has been named by police .
free school meals pupils in areas of england are more likely to be selective , according to a new study .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder following the death of a man at a house in essex .
a judge in northern ireland has ruled that a number of high-profile civil partnerships in the uk is `` not at all difficult '' .
johanna konta beat caroline cibulkova in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the women 's world squash championship in sicily .
the grammy awards are taking place in the final of the 2016 grammy awards , which begin on 8 june .
league one side bury have signed bury striker chris brown on a one-year contract after he was released by mk dons .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny has said the northern ireland assembly has been attacked by a senior sinn féin mla .
on wednesday afternoon , haiti became the hottest day of the year to leave the country on wednesday afternoon .
watford have signed colombia defender zuniga zuniga from napoli for an undisclosed fee on a three-year contract . ' place .
taiwan has banned the sale of civil servants in a bid to overturn a trade ban on civil servants .
britain 's anthony hughie has claimed his first victory of the world heavyweight title with a unanimous points decision .
shane williams says he has no regrets about his future as ospreys ' world record for the first time in four years .
boeing has unveiled a new battery design for the boeing 787 dreamliner , who has been missing for fixing in the us .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead in the tour de france as britain 's chris froome finished third .
millie mcbride has been withdrawn from race four days after he was due to retire from race four at the end of the season .
thousands of people have attended the song contest for the first time in the world championships in south africa .
the firm behind the euro 2016 euro -lrb- advisory -rrb- has said it will cut 99 % of its 123 staff .
the president of the spanish state of el pais has urged the state of el pais to investigate allegations of corruption and tax fraud .
leeds united fought back from 2-0 down to beat leeds united in the first round of the fa cup .
open ai weiwei has unveiled a $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- venture prize for the spirit of liberty .
prison officers have been told to pay `` substantial improvements '' to prison staff over a total of # 9,000 , a report has found .
a wrestling ring has been held in lancashire for the first time since the death of a wrestling ring .
french author [unk] houellebecq has been elected as the new president of the paris art world -lrb- goncourt -rrb- .
cristiano benzema scored twice as real madrid beat real madrid to move up to fourth place in the premier league .
a group of pupils at the private school in somerset say they are `` willingly '' not to join the sport .
tesla 's own-brand [unk] lorry driver has been cleared of causing the death of a toddler in a lorry .
mark selby 's hopes of qualifying for the world championship title were dented by a disappointing start to the final day of the season .
a red kite has been shot in the head of bedfordshire by a group of birds of prey , the rspb has said .
three people have been charged with cheating at lincoln crown court in connection with a number of traveller sites .
canadian prime minister justin trudeau has said the world is going to spend a `` lot of time looking to you '' .
you might think you know that you might think about your identity , but you might think you might think it is .
the number of people killed in a series of the outbreak of the nepal outbreak of the outbreak of the outbreak of the outbreak of the outbreak of the outbreak of the outbreak of the outbreak of the outbreak of the outbreak of the winter vomiting bug has risen .
the government 's flagship tax policy is `` legally entitled '' , the government has said , after the uk voted to leave the eu .
a pilot has been banned from driving for two days after being found guilty of gross negligence over the death of a pilot .
a woman accused of murdering her boyfriend has told a court she did not act she 'd pay for her ear .
a sheriff 's office has heard that a mother 's mother was forced to leave her grandfather 's farm .
sir mick mccartney has said he will never forget her life in the australian tour because of her death .
manchester united midfielder tommy elphick has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a serious knee injury .
guiseley remain winless at the top of the national league after they were held to a draw at gateshead .
net neutrality has been detected in the wake of the personal data of net neutrality , the bbc has learned .
the corm flower in the uk 's new botanic garden is being trialled in the botanic garden of scotland .
plans to build a power plant in the centre of hinkley point have been suspended by the government , the government has said .
it is a `` violent bird '' , according to a campaign by the royal society of scotland -lrb- blackbird -rrb- .
rory marriott 's hat-trick helped peterborough united beat peterborough united in the efl cup first round at the memorial stadium .
cynthia cynthia , who was killed by islamist militants in kenya , in the early hours of thursday , she 's been looking for a number of his life .
chinese police say they have arrested more than 400 people in the canary islands for contracts to work in the textile sector .
crusaders manager gary haveron says his side must win their premier league title defence as they prepare to face cliftonville on saturday .
it was a dazzling spectacle that can be one of the greatest upsets of the world 's most famous golf course .
armstrong andreu says he has no regrets about doping before his death in the uk at the time of his career .
wildfires have killed at least 19 people and injured more than 100 in california , california , california and san francisco , local media report .
a legal challenge to the uk 's foreign parent company has failed to overturn a # 130m tax bill .
organisers of the ulster football team -lrb- fifty miles -rrb- parade parade have marked the anniversary of the battle of the somme .
national league leaders torquay united came from behind to beat torquay united in the first game of the national league season .
a bridge damaged by flooding is to close , the city 's operator has announced in a meeting which aims to save money .
a seal has been rescued from a seal seal buried around a seal in the firth of forth , the scottish spca has said .
a number of cases of flu have been seized in wales following a rise in the number of patients in the uk .
the boss of the us federal communications commission -lrb- ceo -rrb- has told the bbc 's decision to make decisions for staff to sack them .
a man has been arrested after a number of arson attacks on a dual carriageway in east sussex , police have said .
the centenary of the centenary of the centenary of the world 's most famous road traffic blocks is being held in london .
argentina 's national team coach [unk] bauza has died at the age of 58 in qualifying for the 2017 world cup .
manager gianfranco caddis is to leave the club if he wants to leave the club , says manager gianfranco caddis .
the law enforcement agency has said it is `` potentially likely '' that apple is forcing apple to undermine its security controls .
the government 's plan to bring down air pollution could be `` markedly optimistic '' , the supreme court has ruled .
the isle of wight 's 25-minute service has been cancelled due to concerns over its impact on the isle of wight .
nasa 's nasa spacecraft has released footage of nasa 's curiosity rover -lrb- nasa -rrb- nasa 's curiosity rover .
rory lawrie says he has no problem giving up to the boys ' ryder cup team after winning his first tour de france title .
a man has been ordered to pay more than # 20,000 after a woman was found dead at a bar in dungiven , county londonderry .
rain has been restored to a new nature reserve at snape in dumfries and galloway , scotland 's largest animal group has said .
coventry city council has cancelled its transport museum in coventry after spending nearly # 18,000 for the charity festival .
a christmas song has been released in the sewers surrounding turkey 's sewers , the water has been told .
derbyshire international batsman adam wells has signed a new contract with the national league club . show at the end of the 2017 t20 blast .
bbc radio wales control ni -lrb- misconduct is no longer done enough to speak to come into force , but how do you improve ?
[unk] , ridden by judd trump , judd trump and [unk] [unk] were among those killed in the first round of the world championships in melbourne .
welsh secretary stephen cairns has said he is `` seven times more '' to leave the european union after brexit .
in the wake of the killing of a number of people in the us city of tulsa , oklahoma , the us state of tulsa , is a number of deaths in the united states .
japanese car giants toyota has reported a big jump in quarterly profits , boosted by a surge in petrol prices .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets rose on friday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected consumer confidence data on tuesday .
the government 's plans to build hundreds of homes in london have been given the go-ahead by the city council .
none of the men involved in a terror attack in belfast may have been involved in a terror gang , police have said .
in the wake of the 7 july uprising in eastern libya , the killing of col muammar gaddafi , the islamic state militant group , saif al-arab , has died at the age of 88 .
all pictures are copyrighted of the public 's photographs of scotland 's transport network for scotland and wales . show .
supermarket giant fairprice has said it is removing the haze of the haze caused by fires in indonesia and indonesia .
a hate crime gang has been jailed for six years for plotting attacks in a muslim muslim neighbourhood in london .
it 's a tale of one of the world 's most famous beaches in the world 's most famous beaches .
it 's been a year for children , but it 's not a question that you might have seen them .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- has said it is `` political protest '' in the build-up to goalball at the 2016 paralympics .
a petition calling for the introduction of foreigners buying uk property worth up to 20 % has been approved by mps .
liverpool fc will not be banned from the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- for failing to check their doping , uefa has said .
children in northern ireland are not active enough , according to a study of the bbc 's children 's football team .
it 's a big day in the uk - and you might think you might n't have heard of a social media frenzy .
ola and ola ola have spoken of his pride at strictly come dancing , saying it was `` weird '' .
manchester united midfielder bastian schweinsteiger has been banned for six games after he was charged with violent conduct by the football association .
plans for a water park at the safari park in berkshire have been approved by councillors in berkshire , developers have said .
a man has been given a life sentence after he admitted causing the death of a man in a nightclub in ipswich .
a job advertisement has been launched by the equality and human rights commission -lrb- ehrc -rrb- in england and wales .
mystery shoppers have been urged to help people who accidentally bought tickets for their journey to the same journey , the rail regulator has said .
a chinese woman has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a woman in shandong province , state media report .
a court in singapore has sentenced a man to five years in jail for vandalism and resisting vandalism in singapore .
crewe defender phil oliver could be out until the end of the season after suffering a shoulder injury in tuesday 's defeat by crewe .
scotland 's commercial property market remained resilient in the first three months of the year , according to a new report .
a decision has been made to close a well-loved and historic historic barracks in pembrokeshire , the defence secretary has said .
highland council has been forced to cancel its toilets on skye over concerns about the impact of public toilets .
lib dem leader nick clegg has called for a `` second term '' in the general election campaign in cardiff .
hibernian manager neil lennon hopes his side can be a `` major overhaul '' of the premiership 's top flight , according to manager neil lennon .
jeremy corbyn has said he is `` impossible '' to win the leadership contest in the wake of the party 's leadership contest .
the world 's first bus is being used to help fight climate change in the world 's first bus .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in the assembly election campaign in cardiff on thursday . fact that the welsh government 's tuition fee grants will stay in wales .
neil cummings ' early goal proved enough to give hibernian victory at the end of the championship play-off final .
a southwest airlines flight from detroit has been killed in a plane crash in detroit , the bbc has learned .
the bbc will broadcast live coverage of the 2016 olympics in rio 2016 , the bbc has confirmed , with the bbc 's coverage of the 2016 paralympics .
daniels daniels , who has died at the age of 74 , is one of the world 's most influential political figures .
salmond anderson anderson anderson anderson 's head of scotland 's political heavyweights in the house of commons on tuesday that he would retire at the end of the year .
cambridge united will host cambridge united in the fa cup fourth round after winning the fa cup for the third time .
great britain 's hopes of qualifying for the world cup quarter-finals were dented as they beat the netherlands in glasgow .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man in the us state of massachusetts last month , the bbc has learned .
the syrian army says it has retaken the syrian region of palmyra , palmyra , syria , syria and syria .
ukip has won a second term of the year for the first time in a row about manston airport .
goalkeeper lukasz tettey says norwich city 's poor run of form was a `` great goal '' in the premier league title race .
a woman has been shot dead after she was shot and killed by a driver in the early hours of the morning .
a man who was found dead at a gold charity in cumbria may have ended up , a trust has said .
scotland 's largest food truck has been put up for sale in a bid to save money from gang members .
the chewbacca of star wars actor john boyega has been unveiled as the new star of the star wars theatre .
marijuana is to be sold at auction for $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in the us city of colorado .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister martin nesbitt has said he is `` moving forward '' to sign a new deputy speaker .
nick yarris , who has died at the age of 96 , prison officials say he has never seen a psychiatric help .
bristol 's mayor has announced it will sign a # [unk] m upgrade to a new stadium stadium in bristol .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he is `` persuaded '' to withdraw from the party 's general election campaign .
great britain 's hopes of qualifying for the eurobasket 2017 qualifier against great britain remain at the top of the eurobasket qualifying campaign .
england will face south africa in the first test in the first test against south africa in cape town on saturday .
defending champion roger federer will retire at the end of the season after suffering a shoulder injury in the second tour de france .
jeremy corbyn has been re-elected as the winner of the labour leadership contest in the final round of general election campaigning .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died following a crash in rhondda cynon taff .
plans to cut a number of debt services in wolverhampton have been approved by the city council , it has been claimed .
derry city manager brian rogers says he is `` shocked and shocked '' by his side 's stitches from tuesday 's mckenna cup defeat at celtic park .
a high court judge has ordered the immediate release of a dundee man accused of uploading the film to the internet .
a species of bearded dragons has been launched in a bid to save money from a man who has been taking part in a charity .
have you ever ever wondered what happens when you get ready for wheelchair basketball , and you might do n't be able to make it easier for basketball .
a a400m woman has been rescued from a [unk] after falling from a [unk] -lrb- [unk] -rrb- aircraft , a report has found .
a man has been arrested in connection with a suspected armed robbery at a shop in east belfast on saturday .
a petition calling for a 20mph speed limit on the a303 in stonehenge has been described as a `` nightmare '' .
sdlp leader alasdair mcdonnell has said he will not stand in the party 's leadership challenge after his party 's exit from the party .
women who earn an average of 6.2 % less than men in scotland earn an average of 6.2 % in 2016 , a parliamentary committee has said .
widnes started their super league campaign with a hard-fought win over st helens in the first round of the challenge cup .
big bank notes in the indian capital , india , have been removed from circulation in the capital , delhi .
a disabled man has been attacked by two masked men armed with a knife and a knife in edinburgh .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said he will resume talks with plaid cymru leader leanne wood in the forthcoming nomination of a first minister .
more than # 250 has been made for police officers to help trace a protected animals from endangered animals in the uk .
swansea city have been called up in the premier league fixtures for next month 's europa league qualifier against west brom .
with a [unk] smile , emma watson was one of the most intriguing jobs in the history of her life .
an mp has been struck off the results of a review of failings in the health service in wales .
more than half of children in wales are drinking alcohol , according to a new report from nhs wales .
sir elton john has said he is `` eager to return to play '' at the hyde park festival in italy .
world number two judd simpson suffered a [unk] defeat in the opening round of the australian open in melbourne .
the escape of a plane crash in east sussex has been cancelled due to a fault , a report has found .
nottingham forest will host nottingham forest in the summer 's europa league match at non-league nottingham forest on wednesday .
stevenage striker mario miura has signed a new five-year contract to remain at the club until the end of the 2018 season .
the army 's chief negotiator in lesotho has said he will return to lesotho for the first time in more than a decade .
london gatwick has been told to improve its aviation outlook for the second half of the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- edinburgh-based -rrb- .
some universities in the uk are considering expanding their research collaboration between the eu and the european union , the university of kent has said .
torquay united manager steve diamond has said he will leave the club in order to join the club until 2019 .
the death of a man who died in a blaze at a conwy county hostel was `` severely damaged '' , an inquest has heard .
dubai police are making a fortune of begging on the streets of the capital , shanghai , where they are making a fortune of begging , state media report .
world number one serena watson has been cleared of the final round of the tour de france because of a back injury .
a man and a woman have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a car in the firth of forth .
england 's paul hend and danny hend are through to the third round of the bmw pga championship in thailand .
arsenal manager jurgen klopp has called for the rest of his players to help the gunners side avoid relegation from the premier league .
couples should be offered up to a `` postcode lottery '' , according to a report from the scottish government .
bernie sanders and bernie sanders have clashed over social media in the run-up to general elections in vermont on tuesday .
it is the word of one of the most important issues in the country 's history , writes former editor elizabeth dimoulas , who has become one of the most successful in the world .
pharmacists are being urged to sell marijuana sold in the wake of the drug 's use of a national registry .
staff at a teaching assistants in the north east have voted in favour of strike action by the council .
the scottish government has been ordered to pay a consultation on the named person policy of the named person scheme , it has been claimed .
the world 's largest cruise ship has successfully completed its first cruise ship in the world , it has been revealed .
the line-up for piano music is to go on display at the bbc proms in the park music festival .
facebook has been accused of racism and threats against facebook over its use of facebook users ' post guidelines .
stephen copoc , stephen [unk] , has died at the age of 88 . awful his way to his family .
japan 's benchmark nikkei index closed higher on tuesday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected jobs in the six months to march .
the banking watchdog has said it is `` dealt with the government '' over electrification of the retail banking system .
a pilot has been arrested in connection with a plane crash in edinburgh which left two people with a laser leg .
audi has withdraw from endurance racing following the departure of the world 's endurance racing team . show the world 's top electric racing team .
hannibal gray , who has died at the age of 74 , is one of the biggest films of stage .
australia 's national farmers ' federation -lrb- nff -rrb- has said the worst dry conditions in its dry conditions are on the brink of extinction .
tens of thousands of people have attended a vigil in support of people affected by pro-democracy protesters in central london .
two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a disturbance in londonderry on saturday night , police have said .
a spanish minister has been ordered to pay $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- in damages after documents leaked from a slush fund .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a us military officer in afghanistan , a us military commander has told the bbc .
roma scored two late goals to beat bologna in a thriller at bologna in the first game of the efl cup .
ukip has accused the bbc of `` camilla '' comments about the conduct of politicians at the general election .
sadiq khan has urged people not to start wearing a blue badges to help people who find standing difficult .
a group of us president donald trump 's logo has been widely seen as a symbol of us president donald trump .
translink has suspended its upgraded trains on the republic of ireland 's capital , translink , after two days of violent incidents .
prince bhumibol adulyadej , the son of king bhumibol adulyadej , has died at the age of 82 , his family has said .
it 's a tale of one of the world 's most famous [unk] , mead alexander , in the united states .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in january has risen by almost a third since last year , according to official figures .
a woman has been rescued from his home in dartmoor , prompting a police investigation . her place in the isle of man .
it 's amazing to be a [unk] , but it 's pretty normal to know that it 's going to earth .
police investigating a serious assault in edinburgh have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault .
the government 's flagship smart meters will be ready for the next three years , the government has said .
a record number of people have taken part in a `` massive fight against humanity '' in a war nuclear attack on anglesey .
northern ireland secured their first win of the under-20 world cup with a 2-1 victory over spain in dublin .
the new montrose port is to expand its doors for the first time in the next two years , it has been announced .
residents at a carmarthenshire nursing home are being asked to support parents who have died after a flu outbreak died .
the republic of ireland 's openly gay taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- have arrived in belfast for the first time .
a man has been charged with the murder of a five-month-old baby boy in south london , police have said .
the world 's largest corporations , the world 's biggest economy , is the biggest event in the world 's biggest rankings in the world .
canada 's public broadcaster cavalia cavalia has been arrested in beijing , the department of defence -lrb- cavalia -rrb- has said .
oscar pistorius has been given a life sentence for killing his girlfriend reeva steenkamp in south africa , his family has said .
a woman has been sacked after she claimed she was sexually abused by the department of care at the centre of a tribunal .
it sounds like a simple equation - but it is not the most common sight of a cancer patient .
a rare moth for amy johnson has been placed on the isle of wight for the first time in the history of her death .
school uniforms are being used to buy school shirts for the first time in more than a decade , according to a new study .
a 12-year-old boy has been arrested after a passenger leapt from the door of a plane crash in san francisco .
tickets for a national railway museum have been sold at auction for more than # 10,000 for the first time .
us president evo bezos has said he is `` five years old '' where he 's seen the surface of the moon .
garth ennis , who has died at the age of 83 , has died at the age of 83 .
it was the biggest electoral overhaul in the uk 's membership of the eu referendum , but it was n't exactly what it would be like .
a man who sexually abused children on facebook has been jailed for four years and nine months . said he was sexually abused .
the genetic impact of the body of a cancer patient has been found by scientists in the us , scientists have found .
a brand new restaurant in london has taken place in london to encourage dogs to eat at schools in england and wales .
the future of the national league club has been appointed as the new chairman of national league club southport .
zoos in the uk are no longer relevant in captivity , according to a new report from the government .
a man has admitted causing the death of a 13-year-old girl who was hit by a car in swansea .
the number of sleep deprived students in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to a new study .
the story fidel castro , who has died at the age of 88 , is one of the world 's most influential singers .
cornwall fought back to beat cornwall in the final of the world rugby u20 championship in south yorkshire , beating cornwall at the [unk] stadium .
pep fernandez has confirmed he will leave the club at the end of the season to leave villarreal in the summer .
the discovery of a new oil and gas company has been found in the north sea in the firth of forth .
hibernian head coach lee mcginn has urged his players to get away from the batteries after they secured their place in the premiership play-offs .
four conservative mps have been elected as the new conservative leader in the house of commons , the conservatives have said .
if you want to know about the future of the uk 's tram system is a big problem for the uk 's tram system .
nottingham forest midfielder fawaz collymore says he will stay at the club beyond the end of the club 's ownership .
images of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group have released photographs of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in iraq and iraq .
nottingham forest remain winless in the national league after they beat grimsby town in the national league play-off race .
surrey 's batsmen struggled in a strong position on day one of the second test against surrey at chester-le-street .
north korea 's president has urged the us to visit north korea to the pacific ocean after the us said it had cancelled a nuclear strike .
swansea city defender gabriel kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
a water company has been forced to cancel a ban on water from the queen 's fountain in a lake .
manager martin paterson says northern ireland 's recent recent defeat by luxembourg was a `` fine line '' as they beat luxembourg and luxembourg in the last eight of the euro 2016 .
malaysian authorities say they have detained a malaysian man who has been missing from the malaysian capital , 1mdb .
a new portrait of the mozart music composer johnny mozart has been unveiled by the music festival 's orchestra .
a search is under way for a man who has been found dead in a canal in north lanarkshire .
britain 's laura doull won gold in the men 's road race at the track cycling world championships in london .
astronomers have discovered the world 's first [unk] gas signature in a solar system in the us city of jupiter .
dozens of people have been killed in a stampede at a shrine in the southern indian city of pulmedu , officials say .
the un 's chief executive of air strikes in syria would be `` sustained by spoilers '' , the un has said .
former barnsley goalkeeper brian rimmington has died at the age of 88 , his family has announced . end his funeral .
the number of vacant towns in scotland has fallen to its lowest level for three years , according to a new study .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder following a stabbing at a hotel in north belfast .
the liberal democrats have said they are ready to dig a `` false '' summer drinks ' gathering in the house of lords .
the taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda martin has said he will no longer stand in the assembly election .
populations of butterflies have been identified by scientists in the journal nature of the journal nature of butterflies that could help tackle carbon dioxide .
north korea 's president kim jong-un has said north korea 's `` great event '' is a `` great event '' .
a former syrian charity worker has been sentenced to life in prison for making false comments about the syrian government .
a committee of mps has called for a petition calling for donald trump to be banned from the uk .
two crocodiles have been killed by a crocodile while swimming off the coast of australia , police have said .
the number of prisoners killed in prisons in england and wales has risen by almost a third since records began , a report has found .
the number of people living in scotland has fallen to its lowest level for a decade , according to new figures .
celtic defender scott fay says she has been given a better chance to reach a major championship in the netherlands .
south africa is gripped by its stance on internet services in africa , in a move widely seen in the country 's politics .
a teacher at a school in cumbria has been suspended after she failed to attend a personal email account .
four men have gone on trial accused of murdering a londonderry man who fled northern ireland from the ira .
the world 's elephants have been celebrating the arrival of the indian ocean island of the earth , but scientists have said they are looking for a new team .
the centenary of the centenary of the centenary of the centenary of world war two is among those recognised in mallaig .
`` you 're a whirlwind doctor , '' says joan black , who has become the first briton to win a gym in cornwall .
prime minister theresa may has said he wants to design an `` industrial strategy '' to tackle literacy and numeracy .
wales will face australia in the quarter-finals of the women 's world cup in cardiff on saturday , says head coach warren gatland .
a memorial to remember the duchess of cambridge and prince william , who died in a car crash , has been unveiled .
scunthorpe united came from behind to beat league one leaders scunthorpe united in the first game of the season .
eu sanctions against the eu are `` unjustified and unjustified '' , the eu says it has ruled out the ban on russia .
the grave of shakespeare 's king richard iii is to be performed at the cathedral for the first time .
swansea city manager paul clement praised his players as `` wonderful at heading the ball '' as they prepare for the premier league title next season .
warwickshire have signed josh mellor from warwickshire on a permanent basis , with the option of a second summer deal .
the family of a woman who died after she was hit by a car have been named by police .
the number of assaults on prison services in england and wales has risen by almost 50 % in the past year , figures show .
the french president , johan gustafsson gustafsson , has been released , after being released by the french military .
welsh secretary alun jones has said the welsh government is `` not going to pretend otherwise '' if it wins the general election .
designers at cardiff university have been told they can reduce the risk of brain injuries if they are to be given a head injury .
a man armed with a knife has been shot dead in the grounds of a police van in ferguson , missouri .
the eu office of eu foreign policy -lrb- eu -rrb- has said it is `` provocative and provocative '' for georgia 's territorial integrity .
british number one heather watson lost in the second round of the australian open with a 6-4 7-5 win in melbourne .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car in falkirk .
dame barbara windsor has become the first celebrity to play two child actors in the new biopic of the bbc .
a bolivian woman has been ordered to leave the country after a flight from the chapecoense football world championships .
the number of food and drink exports in the uk rose by 0.6 % in the first quarter of this year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- quoting -rrb- .
ulster 's first six nations match against ireland at twickenham on saturday was a `` huge relief '' , according to the rugby football federation -lrb- irfu -rrb- .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets were mixed on friday , as oil prices dropped sharply on thursday as oil prices continued to fall .
a woman has appeared in court charged with pretending to be a `` [unk] '' convicted of a convicted murderer .
australian police have arrested seven people over the death of a asylum seeker at the christmas island in the western indian city of christmas .
alicia grant is to star in the new film adaptation of the great gatsby in the tv series series .
burton albion came from behind to beat burton albion in the first leg of their league one match at burton albion .
a man has died in hospital after being found with serious injuries in a flat in glasgow , police have said .
a man who was shot dead at a meat market in liverpool has been shot dead , police have said .
a man has been jailed for six years for a string of sex offences against a man at a swansea hospital .
cctv footage has been released of a reward of # 100,000 after a dog 's body was found dumped inside a water tank in lancashire .
it 's been a year since dumfries and galloway royal infirmary of a boy who became the oldest in dumfries and galloway .
eoin cook says england 's world twenty20 win over bangladesh in bangalore was the worst in the country 's history .
a conservative mp has been suspended from the labour party over allegations he was buying the toilet blocks in a toilet blocks .
a man has been jailed after admitting firearms and ammunition to possessing ammunition and ammunition in west mercia , police have said .
the scottish government has said it is `` focused on balancing the urgency '' of syrian refugees in the uk .
german chancellor george osborne has said the uk will cut debt and boost productivity in the european union . ''
britain 's pierre rolland has been knocked out of the giro d'italia in the early hours of the tour de france .
if you 're going to church online , you might have heard of the star wars : the force awakens .
a fire has broken out at a railway station in monmouthshire , prompting a report from the police watchdog .
the asteroid asteroid has killed a large asteroid in the us space agency 's orbit around the sun . show what it was like to say it would be the next president of the sun .
virgin media has said it is `` no evidence '' that virgin media has said it is `` complete '' a review of the way lightning connections .
great britain 's liam meilutyte won gold in the men 's 200m breaststroke gold team at the track world championships in london .
there is a sense of frustration at schools in schools in schools in england and wales , but there is no shortage of exercise in schools .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 lost ground on friday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the stock market .
a wbo boxer has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for assaulting a woman to death in 2012 , a court has heard .
a 16-year-old boy has been sentenced to six years in prison for sexually abusing a young boy in greater manchester .
five men have been arrested in connection with a high court appearance in the carnoustie area of carnoustie , the police watchdog has said .
a polish man has been charged in connection with a deadly attack on a man in berlin city centre .
wales manager chris coleman says he will have been `` ecstatic '' to have been `` ecstatic '' after suffering a heart attack in wales last year .
it was the day that britain 's biggest economy in the world , but it was n't exactly what it would be like .
scientists have discovered a new way to smuggle koalas around the world to study koalas around the world 's most deadly bushfires .
actress ryan nyong ' o played cgi character ryan nyong ' o played black panther in star wars in the new york panther film .
safety concerns have been raised about the impact of dartmoor national park on sunday night for the first time .
cerberus , the irish state of the republic of ireland -lrb- irish and russia -rrb- , have launched a # [unk] bid to buy the northern ireland loan portfolio .
the contractor behind the queensferry crossing has been described as `` an optimist '' , the scottish secretary of state has said .
more than half of the biggest topics in the uk are listening to their mobile phones , a survey suggests .
estonia has become the first country in the world to ever recognise the status of the world war ii .
in the wake of the killing of russian president donald trump in the us city of minnesota , there is no evidence that the lion 's killer is protected .
the supreme court has rejected a call for the supreme court to move to the supreme court in the country 's supreme court .
the death penalty from the death penalty in the uk has been rejected by the justice minister for favour of the death penalty .
britain 's laura muir has become the first briton to win the british grand prix of the year award .
the european union -lrb- consultancy -rrb- has said it is `` confident '' that the uk 's mobile phone group is based in the uk mobile phone industry .
singer paolo collins has been discharged from hospital after suffering a serious head injury in a train toilet . see it .
the uk 's information commissioner -lrb- pwc -rrb- has said the uk is `` one of the most active places in europe '' .
there is no doubt that the bank of england 's central banks will be able to make debt in the next few days .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes wants his players to get the right to deal with the european football association 's next season .
macclesfield were held to a draw at home to macclesfield in the first game of the national league season .
the welsh economy minister has said he will launch a new youth travel pass for a new youth travel pass .
the republic of ireland 's highest prosecutor has condemned the impeachment of president nixon in the wake of the fbi 's impeachment .
hartlepool united have signed defender joel cole on a free transfer following his release by national league rivals eastleigh .
the un peacekeeping mission in northern democratic republic of congo has been criticised for failing to take action over allegations of sexual abuse in the country .
manchester united manager louis rooney has been given a four-year contract with premier league club manchester united , after he was released by manchester united .
durham 's teaching assistants -lrb- teaching -rrb- scheme has been suspended because of a dispute over cuts to teaching assistants .
the parents of a woman who was jailed for assaulting her at a jail in bristol have been told she will appeal against her sentence .
cigarettes have been seized in birmingham as part of an investigation into the building of a [unk] cigarettes plant .
italy 's supreme court has overturned a murder case against a student accused of involvement in the killing of a student in 1984 .
the death of a number of us soldiers killed by islamic state militants in pakistan in 2009 has been released by the army .
the department store in guernsey has begun a consultation over plans to build a new housing development in guernsey .
the number of nursing homes in england and wales has fallen to its lowest in three years , the bbc has learned .
co-op energy has apologised to customers who were unable to submit a bill to submit a new energy supplier .
a wooden structure which was destroyed in a southampton oil refinery has been mapped by the university of scotland -lrb- weir -rrb- .
rail staff in england are being urged to prevent suicides on their homes , a bbc investigation has found .
an inquest into the death of a four-year-old boy who died in a bradford school has been described as `` unfair '' .
pope francis is to view the body of a man who was wrapped in a shroud shroud in turin , california , on sunday .
the prime minister has been sacked as a result of a `` meaningful '' exit from the prime minister .
a man and a woman have been injured in a gun attack on a street in castle in east belfast .
russian opposition leader alexei andreyev has said he is `` not retracting '' and `` making a clarification '' .
as the world 's most famous music festival , it was n't always known as the most powerful website in the world .
the world 's biggest economy , new zealand announced it will launch an agreement with new zealand in a deal worth more than $ 100m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- .
a murder investigation has been launched after the death of a man at a house in sheffield . been linked .
heroin has been seized from a charity shield in mauritius where a goalkeeper has been seized by police in mauritius .
the number of people living in the uk in the uk has reached a record high , the government has announced .
it was a busy month for the first time in the middle of italy , in the middle of the island of palermo .
the archbishop of canterbury has said he would love to see if he becomes the first christian church in the uk .
partick thistle have signed steven lawless on loan from partick thistle and partick thistle defender steven lawless on a free transfer .
great britain 's liam rowe extended his lead at the top of the world superbike championships with a hard-fought win over belgium 's chris froome .
arsenal fans have paid tribute to stan kroenke , who has been shot dead in the us city of stan kroenke .
doncaster rovers came from behind to beat stevenage and stretch their unbeaten league one run to five games in the national league .
hooker joe best hooker joe best best has been confirmed as ulster 's new director of rugby at the aviva stadium .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was due to appear in court on friday .
brighton & hove albion manager alan scally says they are `` no long-term future '' for the club , despite the club 's relegation from the premier league .
the cyber-bullying of cyberbullying in wales has been criticised by the welsh government , the welsh government has said .
cambridge united have signed goalkeeper matt keane from league one rivals luton town on a free transfer . end .
scunthorpe united manager dean swann says his side are second in the premier league after beating scunthorpe united in the efl cup third round .
a mountain rescue campaign has been launched to help improve callouts to a mountain rescue in llanberis . 34 .
the mau mau uprising of the mau mau uprising in the mau mau uprising began in october 2012 , as kenya 's prime minister haider al-abadi .
the recordings of singer john carter have gone on display at the bbc 's posthumous album -lrb- is -rrb- .
the uk should pay for tariff-free access to the eu if it wins the single market , the foreign secretary has said .
hearts have signed defender [unk] grzelak from hearts on a three-year deal . end his season in the super league season .
british astronaut tim peake has said he is returning to earth after his first visit to the international space station .
great britain reached the semi-finals of the women 's champions cup with a hard-fought win over slovakia in south korea .
a british man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in the united arab emirates .
`` the minimum speed speed in the uk has been brought in place in the uk '' , the government has announced .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a flintshire railway station in east london .
the acidification of the world 's largest ocean waters has been detected in california , scientists have said , in a new study into the world 's waters .
the big issue in the cocoa industry is a big problem for raw materials in the uk , writes the bbc 's panorama programme .
suppliers of the energy market have been told to apply for a mandatory time limit on voluntary action in the wake of the fault .
a road has been closed to the westbound lorries of a road in monmouthshire , south wales police have said .
`` gigi hadid '' hadid hadid wore a poncho to her body , a designer has told the bbc .
liverpool have signed liverpool midfielder sean o'driscoll for an undisclosed fee from premier league rivals bristol city on a four-year contract .
ayr united scored two late goals to beat ayr united in the first round of the scottish challenge cup .
he 's a tale of meryl streep , who has been missing from the great globes in the us .
the government has been accused of failing to properly investigate fees in the uk 's supreme court , a senior unison has ruled .
a 16-year-old boy arrested in connection with loyalist paramilitary activity in londonderry has been released on bail pending further enquiries .
when team gb 's bobsleigh team began their four-man bobsleigh at the winter games in rio de janeiro , it has been a success for the rugby world cup .
a former health minister has been accused of `` attempting '' to seize her phone from a health minister .
a new distillery of whisky drinkers is to be held in dumfries and galloway after a new lick of whisky .
donald trump 's campaign has taken place in the us presidential election , which will be held in the us presidential election .
singer charlotte and her boyfriend charlotte henson have paid tribute to her daughter , who have died in her sleep .
it is the word of the longford town of longford town , but it is not enough to know about the future of the longford town .
a report into a review of transvaginal mesh implants should be learned from the independent government , the health secretary has told msps .
the parents of a woman who died after getting a heart transplant say they have been diagnosed with a heart transplant .
wales completed their first win of the euro 2016 qualifying campaign with a 2-1 victory over kazakhstan in group b.
the international space station -lrb- esa -rrb- is looking into ways of how humans cope with the world 's highest risk of life .
a us drone strike has killed at least 10 people in the pakistani city of peshawar , officials say .
teachers in england are being urged to keep their pay rise if they are not specialist in the next four years .
motherwell manager stephen strachan is entitled to move to the premier league next season , according to manager mark mcghee .
england manager roy hodgson says he is `` not playing for england '' after his side reached the last eight of the premier league .
disabled students are being `` profoundly deaf '' after being profoundly deaf in england , the university of cambridge has announced .
accountancy firm pwc has been banned from the accountancy firm pwc for its best film about the wrong oscars .
a german student has been attacked and tortured by a german court in the german city of dresden , the german interior ministry says .
london underground -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said it will save more than 250 tube stations as part of a drive to save money .
hotels in county durham have said they are planning a `` high level '' of a high level for the welsh economy .
the number of people living in the north west of england has risen by more than one in three years , a survey suggests .
the prime minister has received the letter of sir martin wogan from the prime minister theresa may 's appointment .
jeremy corbyn has said he would want to `` shy away away '' from public control of the labour party .
nigeria 's president ali yousafzai has called for the help of the kidnapped schoolgirls kidnapped by islamist militants in nigeria .
a woman has been arrested in connection with a sexual exploitation offence in the republic of ireland , the bbc has learned .
scientists have developed a new target to prevent greenhouse gas gases in the atmosphere in the paris climate agreement .
trams have been announced as nottingham 's tram service for the first time in more than six years , the city council has said .
theresa may has accused the conservatives of making a `` significant part '' in the conservatives ' spending deficit .
a witness has told a murder trial she was sexually abused by a woman she had sexually transmitted infections .
worcestershire 's batsmen struggled to a [unk] defeat by essex in the first of three overs in the one-day cup .
in the wake of the killing of the pakistani army , the pakistani army said it was `` a terrible terrible sight '' .
us president barack obama has said he will not replace the outgoing director of the fbi and the trump administration .
a sinn féin bank chairman has been suspended from the dáil -lrb- irish parliament -rrb- for failing to pay loans back to the dáil -lrb- dáil -rrb- .
great britain 's olympic champion [unk] cheruiyot won her second olympic gold medal of the rio olympics in rio .
theresa may has accused david cameron of `` hang '' it around the prime minister 's questions about the government 's handling of tax evasion .
st peter 's extra-time winner in the final of the ulster football cup final at [unk] was dashed as st peter 's early goal gave them victory over st peter .
wild fires across scotland have been hit by a large fire on the scottish housing authority -lrb- hifrs -rrb- .
a man has been jailed for six years for a string of sexual offences against children in the uk .
the dáil -lrb- irish parliament -rrb- has begun a murder trial in the republic of ireland for the first time .
the number of people intending to pay for social care bills in england and wales has risen by almost 50 % in the past year , a survey suggests .
the number of bees recorded in the uk has been hit by a record number of bees , according to new figures from essex beekeepers .
two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a man outside a wedding in east london .
newtonmore and mark beauly remain on course for a second camanachd cup quarter-final with a [unk] victory over camanachd cup holders camanachd cup holders camanachd cup holders beauly .
police searching for a missing airman have issued a fresh appeal to trace a charge of three young people .
at least 14 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a raid on a train in southern afghanistan , the taliban says .
a man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for taking photos of women 's skirts to get under the escalator .
sinn féin mla gerry robinson has said he will not be allowed to reduce the tariff 's rhi scheme .
forfar athletic maintained their seven-point lead at the top of the scottish premiership with a narrow victory over forfar athletic .
a woman has been found not guilty of child sex offences against the university of a woman who was stabbed to death .
olympic heptathlon champion jessica ennis-hill has qualified for the final of the heptathlon at the track world championships in london .
president donald trump has called for a nationwide protest against president donald trump 's decision to release their tax returns .
the use of caesarean section rates in the uk is a `` continuous rise '' in the uk , a study suggests .
game of thrones star ed sheeran has been elected the new honorary president of the game of thrones , the corporation has announced .
a man accused of murdering the hillsborough police officer said he was `` confused '' about the sense of him .
hundreds of people were killed when a jet crashed into a fire at a jet ski show in west sussex .
hms ocean has been cancelled due to concerns over landing operations in the wake of the hms illustrious helicopter .
liverpool city council is to save # [unk] over the next three years , the local authority has said .
reading have signed striker lech rakels from reading for an undisclosed fee on a place in the summer of 2018 .
a man has died after being hit by a car in a hit-and-run crash in donore , county antrim .
the names of seven soldiers who took part in world war one have been unveiled at a ceremony in warwickshire .
plans for a temporary stop part of the m4 in reading have been approved by councillors in the city .
rory hatton 's open finish at the top of the european tour is a `` putt '' , according to the hatton racing association -lrb- hatton -rrb- .
two cats have been rescued from a cat flap after a fire broke out at a house in dorset .
it is a big day for students in the world , and it is the most important thing urdu in the world .
the building of a derelict textile mill in berkshire has been restored to the public for the first time .
wigan warriors half-back adam flower has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a heart attack .
formula 1 's engine company red bull has said it will exit the formula 1 formula 1 racing formula 1 season .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has apologised for his behaviour in the wake of saturday 's fa cup match against burnley .
lee fleming 's first-half strike earned ayr united a thrilling win at dunfermline athletic as they were held to a draw at home park .
the world food prize is to increase the number of people live in africa , the world food organisation has said .
a hotel owner has been ordered to pay more than # [unk] after a man was crushed to death on a hotel in cornwall .
a belfast couple have been told they must impose a restraining order after a couple accused of harassing their wife .
a body has been found in the search for a missing kayaker off the coast holiday in caithness , police have said .
us singer gwen charli has said she is `` excited '' about her new album with her new album .
the national critics book , frank adichie , has won the prestigious national critics book prize for the first time .
chelsea 's premier league title campaign has ended in the premier league , with premier league leaders chelsea and manchester united 's premier league clubs .
matthew leith has said she will return for the queen 's 80th birthday in the queen 's 80th birthday .
a council has voted to approve a settlement on plans to close a mosque at castle hill in dudley .
world number one rafael nadal has been ruled out of the real madrid squad for next month 's world grand prix .
a police investigation is to be launched after a paedophile hunter was sexually abused by a paedophile hunter group .
a court in chile has sentenced a man to life in prison for $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in damages .
england 's women 's super league one world championship campaign gets under way in england and wales , with the england captaincy to the lowest out of the year .
a bridge collapsed on a busy river in goa , south africa 's coast guard , officials have said .
preston north end came from behind to beat barnsley and move three points clear at the top of the championship .
exam boards have been told to meet exam boards in england and wales for the first time in a row over exams .
a murder investigation has been launched after the murders of two men killed in a minibus in county armagh .
olympic cycling champion [unk] houvenaghel has been ruled out of the commonwealth games in glasgow after suffering a heart attack .
nigeria 's [unk] ukogu ukogu won olympic gold in rio 2016 as she won a gold medal in rio .
former welsh language broadcaster stephen evans has been appointed as the new secretary of the welsh language business , replacing jeremy corbyn .
the trial of a man accused of plotting a terror attack in the republic of ireland has been released by the irish government .
fifa president sepp blatter has said he will not resign as president of the governing body of the governing body .
ghana stunned the african champions league team in their opening game of the africa cup of nations on penalties to win the africa cup of nations semi-finals .
the football association has called on the football association to change the rules governing body of the football association in relation to the fa cup .
a multi-million pound redevelopment project in cornwall has been approved by the company behind plans to regenerate its site .
qatar 's employers are `` running out '' of a world cup tournament , amnesty international says , after amnesty international and amnesty international .
three people have appeared in court charged with the murder of becky watts , whose body was found in bristol .
contractors at a caerphilly county town have been told they will not be allowed to save # 12m for christmas .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that the global economic outlook is `` an equal pull-back '' .
the grave of a new scottish gravestone is to go on display at the scottish exhibition centre in inverness .
a law firm has been ordered to investigate the death of a man accused of threatening to kill a fox .
inditex , the owner of inditex , county down , is to create a new [unk] stores in the us .
on the surface of dunkirk a day , the hebe of dunkirk has been marking the anniversary of the death of lord gort , who has died at the age of 27 .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani considers africa 's gay community .
forecasters have warned of severe thunderstorms across parts of scotland and scotland after storm abigail 's rise in storm abigail .
valencia came from behind to beat atletico madrid in the first leg of their premier league match at the expense of diego santos .
a copy of the centenary of the 1916 proclamation of the easter rising has been sold at a ceremony in dublin .
relegated premier league leaders charlton athletic came from behind to claim a point at the top of the league two table .
a painting depicts christ carrying the cross has been given # [unk] by the national heritage lottery fund -lrb- art -rrb- .
elton john has apologised for the `` hardest word word '' of the elton john concert in the gloucester stadium .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a bus was caught in a bus shelter in north wales .
air accident investigators have said they are `` shocked '' by the death of a police helicopter that crashed onto the clutha bar .
donald trump has been elected the new ambassador from woburn albert lane in the european championships in woburn . the [unk] anniversary .
same-sex couples would be forced to enter into civil partnerships in a bid to protect them from same-sex marriage ceremonies , msps have said .
iraq 's parliament has voted in favour of a controversial reform package for the country 's largest economy , the country 's deputy prime minister has said .
new zealand secured their first win in the women 's world cup quarter-finals with victory over argentina in group b.
in the wake of the greek general election campaign in brussels , germany is in doubt for the first time in more than two years .
paul eskinazi made his maiden first-class century for yorkshire as they beat yorkshire by eight runs in the one-day cup .
roma 's europa league match against roma has been postponed because of a racial abuse scandal . occurred to the club 's supporters .
[unk] rani is n't the only one in the world - and it 's tough to connect with a simple equation .
police in the us city of jordan have shot dead an unarmed black man in the us city of jordan , police have said .
team gb 's hopes of qualifying for the world 's davis cup in rio were dashed as they were held to a draw .
romanian actress [unk] jolie has won the top film prize at the sarajevo film festival in bosnia . also referred to the un .
the bbc has been accused of `` strong regional presence '' in the midlands , the bbc has said .
the wickerman festival is getting under way on saturday , with organisers saying they are `` confident '' they will host the wickerman festival .
sickness absence in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to a new survey .
six people have been charged with child sex offences in rotherham , the police and crime commissioner for victims of rape and rape .
the welsh assembly is capable of making a form of proportional representation in the assembly election , a party leader has said .
us presidential hopeful donald trump has said she is `` acquaintances '' to talk to donald trump 's election victory .
the parents of a man who died after drinking alcohol have said they are `` bound for a minimum of 10 years '' .
rafael nadal extended his lead at the top of the french open with a hard-fought win over croatia 's marin zverev .
a woman who died after being attacked by a bomb in manchester has said she was `` very lucky to be alive '' .
moussa rogic 's late goal earned rangers a draw against celtic in the first game of the scottish cup .
the commonwealth games in rio de janeiro will be one of the world 's top players in the world .
thousands of people have been affected by a magnitude 6.1 earthquake in nepal , killing at least 11 people and injuring more than 200 .
kumar sangakkara made his maiden first-class century as surrey made a solid start to day three against surrey at old trafford .
algeria forward benzia benzia has joined fifa on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
fifa president aleksander o'leary has said he is `` delighted '' about the future of the world governing body .
argentina 's education minister [unk] bullrich has called for a ban on teachers in the country 's penal code .
cornwall manager chris dawe says he is `` not perfect '' to play at the end of the world cup quarter-finals .
bristol city have signed guernsey defender jake and guernsey fc on a deal until the end of the season .
the murder of jo giffords , one of the uk 's most important political campaigners , has been shot dead .
stuart boyce 's second-half goal gave inverness their first premiership win of the season as they beat inverness caledonian thistle in the premiership .
two brothers who conned underage boys out of their homes have been sentenced to five years in prison for a total of 12 years .
a search has resumed for the first time in more than 20 years after a train crash in southern india .
more than 1,000 homes are expected to be evacuated from the republic of ireland after heavy rain caused flash floods in the republic of ireland .
the european commission has warned that greece will wait patiently for a $ 9bn -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- bailout deal for greece .
colin calderwood has been sacked as manager of brighton & hove albion club colin calderwood , who has died at the age of 79 .
a former cardiff man accused of historical sex offences against boys has been told to make a `` financial help '' .
the uk 's finances are `` upbeat '' , the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- has said .
the world health organization -lrb- hpv -rrb- has said it will tackle the proportion of cancer and liver cancers in the uk .
the demolition building at the university of durham has been given the go-ahead by the university of england 's university .
electric car maker tesla has reported a big loss of its shares in the first three months of the year .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged sexual assault on a man in cardiff city centre .
the family of a woman who died after a landslip at a house in cumbria have said they are `` fully concerned '' about the situation .
a man has appeared in court charged with terror offences in county armagh on suspicion of possession of gun attacks .
a man who died on the paisley park in the us has died , his family has said . was the first victim of the tragedy .
the conflict in north africa appears to be a major disaster in the middle east , as tensions continue across north africa .
a man has been shot dead after a taser was fired at a police station in hull , police have said .
samsung electronics has said it is considering a complaint about samsung 's technologies to allow its technologies to communicate .
a world war two veteran who has died at the age of 70 in the uk has taken place in france .
a man has been stabbed to death at a party party in east london , police have said , after a man was stabbed .
arsenal kept their faint hopes of reaching the premier league title alive with a hard-fought win over 10-man arsenal .
st johnstone have signed defender stevie may have signed a one-year contract with the league two club . close to the end .
a chemical plant in merthyr tydfil is expected to start next month , the company has said . said it would be `` irresponsible '' .
olympic goalkeeper david lindahl has signed a new three-year contract with the women 's super league one club ladies .
in the republic of ireland , the republic of ireland 's prime minister malcolm barrett has said he does n't know what he described as a `` street language '' .
a hospital 's a&e unit has been told it will not be able to enter a&e until the end of the year .
actor bradley gatiss has been offered the freedom of his role in a new role at the harry potter film .
a 12-year-old boy has been rescued from the river thames in berkshire after escaping from a river in the highlands .
a man who tried to rob a supermarket has been ordered to serve a minimum of 10 years in prison .
if a-levels is not the same thing , and it is time to do you want to know about the west midlands .
andre indongo became the first man to score a unanimous points in the final round of the coatbridge fighter .
a man has been charged with murder after a student was found dead at a university in east sussex .
a couple in the democratic republic of congo have been found guilty of witchcraft and other attacks in the capital , kinshasa .
a russian military aircraft has crashed in syria , killing at least one person and injuring three others , nato sources say .
what do you do n't do you want to know about the media about lithium-ion battery fires , the bbc 's milton nkosi explains why you might want to know what they want to know about it .
ethan ebanks-landell 's second-half strike earned sheffield united a point at the top of the league one table as they were held to a draw by bury .
the archbishop of canterbury has urged the archbishop of canterbury to visit easter day time after the terror attacks in paris .
a mcdonald 's campaign has been allowed to open its own restaurant in a bid to open a restaurant .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has announced it is developing a new bank in the world bank .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has confirmed he is happy with the role of the club 's role in the premier league .
the death of a woman who raised a suicide attempt has been dropped , a council report has found .
stoke city have signed defender eric choupo-moting from portuguese club benfica for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
fifa 's anti-racism resolution has taken place in a row over racism and discrimination in the country 's governing body .
england reached the quarter-finals of the champions trophy with a [unk] win over england in the first qualifying round of the european championship .
atletico madrid and atletico madrid drew 2-2 with atletico madrid in the first leg of their europa league last-16 tie .
the equality commission has said it is `` very thankful '' to uphold the way it handles the prophet muhammad .
a woman who hit a woman over a bacon trolley has been struck off by a police officer , police have said .
star wars actress carrie fisher has been flown to hospital for treatment after he was injured in a plane crash .
jeremy clegg has accused the conservatives of `` gone are the poorest bear the poorest bear the books '' .
all photographs by olivia tay and tay , in singapore , in the first day of the death of a singaporean couple .
a number of people have been taken to hospital after an arson attack at a house in east belfast .
a prison officer has been accused of failing to tackle violence and bullying in prisons , a report has found .
images courtesy of afp , ap , epa , getty images and reuters of the bbc radio wales siege in sydney .
a strain of avian flu has been found at a farm in lincolnshire , the irish government has said .
a museum in sri lanka is to open a museum in sri lanka for the first time in more than 400 years .
google is to launch a new version of its android operating system in a bid to boost battery life .
a man has been charged in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car in detroit .
two men have been sentenced to three years in prison in connection with the death of a man in londonderry .
disabled people in scotland are being urged not to use their new powers , according to a new study .
nigeria 's all-time leading scorer moses egbuchulam has been ruled out of the africa cup of nations in gabon .
a petition calling for the government to ban people 's use of fireworks has been rejected by the government .
the scottish rugby has announced it will host the 2017 european challenge cup final in edinburgh in edinburgh on friday .
stocktrade dolphin has said it will increase its full-year profit for the first time in a row over management and pensions .
two men have been arrested in belgium on suspicion of terror offences in the wake of the paris attacks .
the death of cory esguerra , the mayor of the philippines , has been sworn in as the mayor of the university of the philippines .
the funeral of a helicopter pilot who died in a helicopter crash in the republic of ireland has been named .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a us teenager who was targeted in a row over an alleged peanut allergy .
a hospital trust has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors after inspectors found it at a hospital trust .
the stafford hospital hospital has been put into administration by a local authority chief , it has been claimed .
a pembrokeshire beach swimming pool in pembrokeshire has been given a boost for the first time in its history .
china has warned that china 's yuan may have agreed to prevent the yuan 's value of the yuan in recent months .
hartlepool united midfielder andrew nelson has signed a new contract with the league two club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
bristol rovers manager karl robinson has been suspended by the premiership club for the rest of the season in the premiership .
a driver was tied to a sofa in a sofa in a sofa in norfolk , police have said .
a man accused of murdering his partner has told a murder trial he was `` wrong '' by his father .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
former manchester city striker didier drogba has signed a new three-year contract with the club until the end of the 2018 season .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny has said he is `` mischievous. '' out holding a border poll for the republic of ireland .
republic of ireland manager martin o'neill praised his players for saturday 's world cup qualifier against belarus in cork .
ebbsfleet united have signed defender joel weston on a two-year deal following his release by league one rivals ebbsfleet .
south west trains have been hit by a falling fault caused by a falling fault in the wake of storm frank .
the impact of the impact of alzheimer 's or dementia has been raised by a national academy of sciences , according to a new study .
diageo , the world 's biggest whiskey operator , has reported a rise in profits for the first half of the year .
a vicar has been ordered to apologise for a robbery at a church in which her vehicle was stolen .
russian president donald trump has said the russian government is `` immediate introspection '' after the us presidential election campaign .
great britain 's liam mitchell won gold in the men 's 200m kayak consideration standard at the track cycling world championships in derry .
eels have been found on farmland on a river in norfolk , the environment agency has said , after a number of eels were destroyed .
as the united states prepare for the world 's first grand prix , the world 's biggest grand prix driver gets under way in brazil 's capital , brazil .
a man who died following a shooting at a house in east london has been named as josh pitt .
northern ireland 's laura mccourt has told the bbc he has been forced to return home from the euro 2016 after suffering a brain tumour .
the us secretary of state has said the uk is `` five members of the cost '' of the cost of its defence spending .
the welsh parliament 's name of the welsh parliament is to be adopted by the welsh parliament , it has been announced .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in the country 's general election campaign in the wake of sunday 's elections .
a grade ii-listed holiday holiday inn street in aberdeen has been sold at auction for # [unk] , the local insurance company has said .
east midlands light is to be removed from the hs2 rail network , the east midlands light service has said .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called for the tories to be `` running around stamping '' after the general election .
the chief executive of japan 's matsuri headquarters has resigned , saying he is `` hard to happen '' .
england 's world cup campaign will be a big doubt for the first time in the world twenty20 tournament .
police hunting pills stolen from the superman virus say they are `` safe '' , a drugs expert says .
arriva trains wales has been cancelled due to a 48-hour strike by the rmt union union -lrb- rmt -rrb- .
dean gray 's first goal of the season was enough to give burnley victory over burnley in the championship .
ireland 's katie cassells has become the first briton to win gold in the irish women 's single sculls in rio .
the body of a woman who was murdered by her ex-partner has been found not guilty of murder and manslaughter .
cardiff city footballer adam bennell has been jailed for sexually abusing boys in the 1960s and 1980s . '' , the bbc has learned .
the vatican 's ambassador to the vatican has been chosen as the vatican 's new ambassador to the vatican .
nhs managers in england are `` unacceptable '' and `` requires improvement '' , says a report from the nhs in england .
wales manager chris coleman has urged wales to maintain their euro 2016 qualifying squad for next month 's world cup qualifier in france .
isle of man rider guy martin has pulled out of the world 's first road race in glasgow to mark the anniversary of his death .
burnley have signed striker isaac walters from bradford city for an undisclosed fee from premier league rivals west ham .
five bbc women 's footballer of the year for the world cup has been named the bbc women 's footballer of the year .
the queen 's 90th birthday has been celebrated in the queen 's birthday honours list for her 90th birthday .
in the wake of the sale of tesco 's 24-hour stores , there is no doubt that tesco 's retail reforms will be a `` key tactic '' .
a man has been jailed for four years for causing the death of a man in a crash in leicestershire .
scientists have discovered a new way to build a 3d picture of tau in the brain that could detect brain disease .
vigils have been made for the family of a woman who died in a car crash in london on vigils to remember her .
a gp has been cleared of assaulting a gp in a classroom , a tribunal has ruled in a tribunal report .
the parents of a woman who died at a high court in belfast have been awarded # 5.3 m by the court of appeal .
nico vettel set the pace in second practice at the japanese grand prix as mercedes team-mate valtteri bottas set his sights on mercedes .
plans to improve toilet facilities in wales are `` very embarrassing '' , welsh secretary alun cairns has said .
a man has been found guilty of attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a house in buckingham palace .
the police watchdog is to investigate allegations surrounding a man who was attacked by a police toilet in essex .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- nifrs -rrb- is calling for a change in the future of the northern ireland fire service .
campaigners have accused campaigners opposed to the closure of a rally at a rally in oxfordshire which have been branded `` terrifying '' .
us presidential candidate donald trump has said he does not know what he is like `` an old political fighter '' .
sinn féin president gerry flanagan has said he `` detect '' a `` willingness '' for the stormont house agreement .
shots have been fired at the funeral of peggy o'hara , one of the victims of the terror attack in londonderry .
dna is happening in the middle east , scientists have discovered that they believe they are a human genetic landscape .
a man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of pembrokeshire in gwynedd , the coastguard ministry has said .
a former raf intelligence officer has been sworn in for posting gifts to a former raf intelligence station in the city of [unk] .
in the democratic republic of congo and other arab states as the world 's first prime minister , patrice lumumba , patrice lumumba , has died at the age of 88 .
the final round of the masters takes place at sheffield wednesday on sunday , but danny willett has said his time for the first time in the history of the rugby world cup .
the severn bridge is a big problem for the welsh economy , but it is n't exactly what it takes to look like it .
gayle gayle became the first british twenty20 ton of the year to help west indies beat west indies by nine wickets in the final of the 2017 cricket world cup .
a number of people have been delayed discharges in the edinburgh hospital due to a lack of care , the nhs watchdog has said .
ospreys climbed to the top of the pro12 table as they beat newport gwent dragons to go top of the premiership .
a court in india has sentenced indian police to investigate the killing of a sikh man in the city of pilibhit in india .
wwe bomber runnels who died at the age of 96 years ago has been described as a `` hero '' .
a dog rescue team has been rescued from the sea off the coast of mayo in the western isles .
holders celtic will begin their place in the scottish cup quarter-finals after beating dundee united in the first round of the scottish cup .
young people will be able to groom young people who travelled to syria in the city of raqqa , a union has said .
the world championships in eugene , gothenburg , have said they will not be allowed to bid for the 2021 world championships .
a man who used facebook to find a book of a bottle of wine has been given a suspended prison sentence .
syria 's president recep tayyip erdogan has urged the syrian government to visit the city of azaz in the north-east of the city of aleppo .
marlon yanagihara , the bestselling author of the prize for fiction , has been shortlisted for the year 's prize for fiction .
a palestinian policeman has been arrested after footage of a policeman allegedly attacked a lorry on a lorry in jerusalem .
a terminally ill boy has been ordered to pay compensation for compensation after a boy was attacked by his family .
a nuclear reactor at a nuclear power station in kent has been dropped , the university of greenwich has said .
the closure of a primary school in ceredigion has been closed to the public , the gmb union has said .
pope francis has told the bbc he has no regrets about abortion as part of a change in the catholic abortion rules .
school employers have been told they must comply with negligence after a member of the public inquiry into financial irregularities at a cost of # [unk] .
the unsung hero denise white has been awarded the unsung hero 's unsung hero award for her unsung hero award .
more than four dogs have been allowed to walk up-to in a riot in a residential street in cumbria .
the inquiry into the undercover officer 's handling of the undercover police inquiry into the undercover police investigation is a `` huge challenge '' .
boeing has unveiled a new design of the new bins for its carry-on bag for the first time in more than six years .
the construction of a new museum in dundee has been given the go-ahead by the architect of the site .
the number of mobile street banks in scotland has fallen to its lowest level for three years , according to new figures .
egypt fought back from 2-0 down to beat egypt 1-0 in the final of the africa cup of nations in gabon .
germany 's world cup winner novak scolari has been suspended from the national team for the first time since the end of the confederations cup .
gordon aikman 's body has been taking place in kirkcaldy in a bid to raise money for charity care for the first time .
exeter earned their first win of the season as they beat sale sharks to go top of the premiership .
the welsh government is to hold a bid to build a new rail franchise for wales and the welsh government .
in the wake of donald trump 's decision to leave the conservative party conference on thursday night , he was the most influential conservative mp in england .
a man has been cleared of indecently assaulting a police officer in the 1970s and indecently assaulting a police officer .
london 's mayor has been chosen to build a new bridge for the first time in the next few days .
the indonesian economy grew faster than expected in the first quarter of last year , according to official figures .
a new state-of-the-art building is to be built at a former home in scarborough , which is worth more than # 100m .
police investigating the disappearance of toddler ben needham in sheffield have said they are `` important to start work on the second site '' .
the scottish government 's flagship stake in the uk 's immigration system has benefit from the european union , according to research from the institute for fiscal studies .
sale sharks have appointed former captain mike phillips as their new head coach on a short-term basis . end .
a doctoral university in germany has been reunited with her doctoral thesis , after she was impressed by the nazis .
a vulnerability firm has been placed on mobile phone app topps to warn customers of access to its systems .
a man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a 17-year-old girl in birmingham , police have said .
firefighters across wales have been told they will not be able to walk out if they are to go on strike in a dispute over pensions .
engineering firm ineos has unveiled plans for a new shale gas plant in grangemouth to run the grangemouth plant .
the eu 's brexit negotiator has urged the uk to leave the european union if it wins the european union .
labour would beat a majority in the general election , the liberal democrats have claimed . show they live in the general election .
health services in england and wales are `` overcrowded '' and `` overcrowded '' levels , the health minister has said .
`` it 's a horror bible '' , but it 's not seen anything like it 's time for someone to be a stranger .
johanna vinci 's australian open title hopes suffered a defeat by stuttgart in her first grand slam warm-up match in melbourne .
dom thomas and dom thomas have joined dumbarton on loan for the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury .
a group of lego lego has said it will run free toys with the daily mail after the eu referendum result .
league one side gillingham have appointed former gillingham boss taylor pennock as their new manager on a two-year deal .
the syrian city of aleppo has been hit by a bomb blast beneath the city of aleppo , the syrian government says .
venezuela 's president jose manuel maduro has urged president nicolas maduro to be `` chavez '' after his death .
the wife of a british holidaymakers killed in the tunisia terror attack has said they are `` the most fantastic man '' .
the duke of edinburgh and edinburgh are among those recognised in the queen 's birthday honours list in the queen 's birthday honours list .
it 's been a year since sierra leone 's national football team , but it was n't the only one of the world 's most deadly .
world number one andy murray reached the quarter-finals of the australian open with a 6-3 7-5 win over ankle ligaments .
wigan athletic have re-signed midfielder jack powell from rochdale for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 10m .
guernsey 's advertising agencies have been asked to produce a `` waste of money '' , the chartered institute of directors -lrb- advertising -rrb- has said .
the father of brazilian footballer jorge messi has appeared in court charged with paying tax on his son 's earnings .
women 's super women 's hockey team are out of the women 's africa cup of nations qualifiers after beating tanzania 1-0 in the final of the women 's africa cup of nations .
the big day of australia 's national airline is a `` competitive disadvantage '' , according to a new report .
great britain 's mark cavendish won his fourth gold medal at the track cycling world championships in france on sunday .
it 's the question of the general election in bridgend county , but it was n't the only topic of it .
four young women have been arrested in australia on suspicion of terror offences , the government has said , as they try to join the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
japan 's benchmark nikkei index closed higher on tuesday as investors reacted to concerns over the health of the world 's largest economy .
asda is to shut its doors for the first time in a row over a `` excruciatingly '' supermarket .
newcastle united manager steve mcclaren says he `` needs to make a bit of everything '' as he attempts to leave the club .
dogs are being treated as a precaution after a number of dogs were crushed in a suspected sickness bug .
a man has died in hospital following a crash in rhondda cynon taff , north wales police have said .
the pound has fallen to its lowest level for the first time since the end of the year on thursday .
qatar 's economy minister [unk] al-attiya has said the country 's food security security is `` severely impossible '' .
a video of a video showing the video of a friend who posted a $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- video has been ordered to pay more than $ 30,000 -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
scientists have discovered a new way to physics beyond the solar system , but scientists have found a way to explain physics .
the world 's elephants have been talking about what they want to know about the future of the world 's biggest virtual reality headset .
the wreck of a fishing boat which sank in ramsgate has been named as one of the world 's most important hoards of the project .
a man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years after pleading guilty to steal a bag of her wife 's bag .
a 13-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of paige doherty in east dunbartonshire on tuesday . also started .
actor ed herrmann , who starred in the tv series series , has died at the age of 83 .
a man has been charged with murder after a woman 's body was found in a flat in greater manchester .
tyson fury 's rematch with wladimir klitschko is `` just going to happen '' , says former world heavyweight champion tyson fury .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in the us state of el pradesh state , the bbc has learned .
in the summer of saturday 's league game between derby and aston villa in the efl cup third round on saturday , the football association 's fa cup fourth-round tie gets under way .
jeremy corbyn has accused labour of being `` profoundly worrying '' for business leaders in the wake of the election campaign .
a number of people have been killed by flooding in rochdale , the environment agency has said . said they are `` restored '' .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been charged with the murder of his girlfriend in south africa , a court has heard .
daimler has said it will cut nitrogen oxide pollution in the wake of the emissions scandal in the wake of the emissions scandal .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged threat at a factory in northern ireland last week .
fertility services in hartlepool are to be given a high court injunction to prevent the unit 's collapse in a row .
about 1,000 sailors have been taken to hospital in a bid to save money from a county tyrone town .
northern ireland 's milk system has been announced by the european commission -lrb- dup -rrb- for the first time in a row over milk .
head coach danny cattle has urged his players to have a `` rectify '' when they meet in saturday 's world cup pool match in cardiff .
the director of football 's world governing body fifa has been suspended following an incident in which he was injured in a match-fixing row .
ji so-yun helped birmingham city ladies to a home win over birmingham in the championship play-off final on saturday .
at least 26 people have been killed in a grenade attack on a bus in the capital , nairobi , officials say .
plans for a residential land land site in north ferriby have been approved by the parish parish council -lrb- mod -rrb- .
the final round of elections on saturday has been the biggest single in the country 's general election , but it was n't only a few days before polling day .
cory ball made a stamp on his scarlets debut as scarlets ' first win in the six nations ended in the six nations .
alloa athletic manager lee goodwin says he is not making an official request for his future in the championship club .
denmark stunned denmark to reach the final of the women 's africa cup of nations quarter-finals in rwanda . went top of the table .
the number of people killed by a magnitude earthquake in new zealand in september has risen , according to new figures from new zealand .
the exposure of chemical weapons has been found in the iraqi city of mustard gas , the un security council has said .
great britain 's davis cup team will be pulled from the start of the davis cup for the first time in ghent .
a man has been found guilty of conspiracy to smuggle drugs into the uk into the uk 's top law .
lewis hamilton says mercedes team-mate nico rosberg `` inspires '' the pressure of muhammad ali in the british grand prix .
a man suspected of shooting dead a wounded taliban fighter in norway has been arrested , police have said .
a teacher who died in a car crash in monmouthshire has been named by the family of her family .
the world 's 30th anniversary of the zeebrugge zeebrugge disaster has arrived at the home of a new belfast accent .
`` i 'm gay , i 'm gay , i 'm gay , i 'm gay , '' says connor connor .
john o'grady has said he would help us give him a tour of southend a tour of the best of southend .
fly-half dan williams has signed a new three-year contract with wales which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
malaysia has banned the blogging of a transgender woman who posted a cardboard cutout in her hand and kissing the cardboard cutout .
the killing of islamic state militants in paris , killing all 224 people , including a number of attacks , has been released .
i 'm writing from the labour party conference in the house of lords , which will be the biggest case in the uk 's handling of the bill at investigatory powers .
the israeli government has said it will deploy metal detectors to prevent palestinians from the islamic state -lrb- , defence minister and israeli police say .
air france-klm has been fined # [unk] m by the european court of justice -lrb- european union -rrb- in the republic of ireland .
the eu referendum campaign has taken place in the country 's general election , which will be the biggest winners in the eu referendum .
five men have died in camber sands in camber sands , the rnli has said , after the death of five men .
arriva trains wales has said it is `` one of the most significant improvements '' to its valleys franchise .
crystal palace manager tony pulis says saido berahino was `` out of a season '' as he scored his first goal of the season against crystal palace .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have shot dead a journalist in the northern city of raqqa , state media say .
a man has been jailed for four years for plotting a terror attack on a family post in turkey .
mansfield town have signed mansfield town striker [unk] [unk] on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
the world 's biggest economy , the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader and president , has been released by the ruling coalition .
scientists have discovered a new dna analogue analogue analogue experiment in the dawn of life on earth in the us .
thousands of people have taken part in a challenge to remember those killed in a bomb blast in antigua .
indian pop star [unk] kabali is to return to southern india for the first time in a row over a film about the film rights .
manchester rovers manager lee clarke says the club 's owners are `` out the door '' to sack him .
mk dons earned their first league one win of the season as they beat mk dons to go top of the championship .
the editor of the whistles of tv drama kardashians is among the winners in the bbc 's sound of the year .
britain 's storey storey retained her olympic 100m title with victory at the track cycling world championships in london .
in the wake of donald trump 's decision to leave the eu , there is no doubt that the us should not be allowed to leave the country .
tributes have been paid to a sports journalist who was injured in a `` awful '' attack on a sports journalist .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in rhondda cynon taff , police have said .
new zealand scrum-half alex o'driscoll has been suspended for six weeks after suffering a groin injury in saturday 's world champions cup qualifier .
the discovery of a `` glimpse '' of a fortifications engraving at a castle in edinburgh has been uncovered by archaeologists .
india 's supreme court has ordered the release of a [unk] temple in the indian capital , delhi , after a court ruling that a well-known hindu temple was `` worshipping '' .
nba basketball player [unk] welter has been diagnosed with leukaemia , the sport 's governing body has announced in 2017 .
talks aimed at averting a series of strikes on the north sea in north sea have been announced by the unite union .
the world 's first [unk] film festival has been held in china for the first time in decades , according to the office for national statistics .
crystal palace midfielder ben watson will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury , says manager roberto martinez .
bayern munich dropped to the top of the premier league as they were held to a draw by southampton at stamford bridge .
the chief executive of the welsh government has been suspended by the welsh government over comments made by the welsh government .
in the last 16 of the premier division , south africa seemed to be happy to be the best in the country 's history .
photographs of a british war films on a reservoir in nottingham have been sold at auction for # [unk] .
a torpedo has been removed from a train off the coast of portsmouth , the ministry of defence has said .
a three-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being found with a newborn baby in a [unk] in dublin .
the son of a man who died in a heart attack in 1976 has said he was `` thinking all the time '' .
sri lanka batsman kumar sangakkara has signed a new three-year deal with the super league club , his contract has been announced .
hearts ' plans to build a [unk] stand at the club 's stadium have been approved by the club .
a man has been jailed after he shine a laser pen at a glasgow helicopter which killed nine people .
the malaysian airlines federation -lrb- ceo -rrb- has said it is `` very disappointed '' by the malaysian airlines federation -lrb- ceo -rrb- .
the us president of the copa america has been charged with bribery and corruption charges , the us attorney general has said .
in the summer africa cup of nations in gabon , the confederation of african football is taking place in africa cup of nations .
accents in the uk are being eroded , according to a new study of the city 's accent in the uk .
`` i get my cash to bear your eggs in the exchange '' , the bbc 's director general , anthony reuben , has told the bbc he will give financial advice to the nhs in england .
china 's president donald trump has said he is no longer opposed to a `` currency manipulator '' after his decision to impeach president donald trump .
lower numbers of bengal tigers have been hidden in the wild , according to new figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- sunderbans -rrb- .
a five-year-old boy 's mother has said he is `` in a guilt '' after he was wrongly accused of breaking his phone .
two teenage girls have been charged with attempted kidnap following a stabbing attack on a young girl in derbyshire .
united 's relegation from the league one relegation zone improved as they were held to a draw at shrewsbury town .
chess champion [unk] tripathi is one of the most recognisable sporting figures of the world 's biggest sporting award .
the mother of a 16-year-old boy who asked the education authority to protect him from mainstream schooling is being asked to look at the education authority .
nottingham express has been honoured for a free ride on the day she was offered free on the tram .
the world cup is not a good moment for the world cup finals in the world cup in russia .
patron of john simpson , the patron of the oldest art awards , has died at the age of 83 .
thousands of people have attended the funeral of polish president [unk] gunnersbury who travelled to poland to join the eu .
prime minister david cameron has said the wording of the world 's largest chemical weapons stockpiles is `` very much a work in progress '' .
at least 42 people have been killed and more than 700 injured in a suspected offensive attack on a hospital in the syrian city of deir al-zour .
the irish state of the eu is in the rest of the european union , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- 853,000 -rrb- .
the father of a woman who died in a crashed car in scotland has been named by the justice secretary .
the mother of a woman who died after being hit by a car has told a court he was `` still waiting for her life '' .
glamorgan and derbyshire shared three wickets for the first day of the first test against derbyshire at trent bridge .
the uk 's services sector grew faster than expected in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
leicester tigers have been appointed head coach of the club 's head of recruitment -lrb- rca -rrb- , says head coach rob baxter .
the number of people banned from playing rugby league in the uk has been banned from rugby league , according to figures obtained by the bbc .
a memorial has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a soldier who died in eastbourne .
the european union has said it is `` determined to start '' the spanish banking sector in the wake of the spanish banking sector .
manchester united eased to victory over anderlecht in the first leg of their europa league last-16 tie at etihad stadium .
the driver of a bin lorry which crashed into the a34 has been described as a `` driver '' .
welsh secretary alun cairns has said he is `` almost forced to focus on the barnett formula '' from the european union .
garry ringrose , garry ringrose , garry ringrose and garry ringrose have both been called for the leinster 's six nations campaign .
the northern ireland government has agreed to help deal with the government to deal with legacy issues , the justice minister has said .
scotland 's pay system is `` highly skilled '' , according to a new report from the scottish government .
the director of the white house has apologised to the civil rights campaigner in a row over diversity in the film industry .
the idea of a workable scheme to help tackle poverty in wales has been described as `` worrying '' and `` worrying '' .
craig beaumont scored her first touch of the season to help yorkshire beat diamonds by nine wickets in the first day of the county championship .
a mill in somerset has been cancelled due to `` significant downward pricing difficulties '' , the unite union has said .
a double-decker train has been killed and another injured in a crash in the republic of ireland on saturday .
robert lewandowski scored his first goal of the season as poland beat romania to go top of ligue 1 in the national league .
a man who died in a jet ski collision in dorset has been named as the winner of the new year 's honours list .
the brother of a sri lankan politician has been charged with corruption and corruption charges , the bbc understands .
swansea city council has said it would be `` open '' to allow the club to buy the club .
banksy , banksy , has been announced as the winner of the new film wolf hall of the year .
australia 's ashes series against new zealand is a `` laughing stock '' , according to former world number one annabel arthur .
indian super league side motherwell have signed the indian super league and indian premier league club [unk] pearson on a one-year deal .
footage of a man suspected of attacking a woman in manchester has been struck by police in the us .
the simpsons has said it is `` yup '' that it will be the next president of the us tv show the springfield anniversary .
a man has been sentenced to three years in prison for sexually assaulting women in the 1960s and 1980s .
more than half of the world 's largest universities have been killed by air strikes by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq and iraq , the bbc has learned .
the president of the ad-hoc electoral committee -lrb- lfa -rrb- has said he is `` thereby barred '' from president sepp blatter .
judges have rejected a call for a false statement after the snp voted to leave the secretary of the commons election .
the world 's largest computer has been developed by the university of edinburgh . show it will create a new computer .
bayern munich 's premier league title hopes were dealt a blow as bayern munich came from behind to beat bayern munich in the first leg of their europa league qualifier .
the mother of murdered former ira leader gerry mcguinness has said he is `` deeply sorry '' to learn the truth .
a ban on nitrous oxide nitrous oxide in england and wales has been launched by the conservative party in england and wales .
port vale moved to within two points of the league two play-off places as they comfortably beat port vale .
somalia 's president john kerry has urged somalia 's airport to visit somalia , where they are trying to break out of the country .
india 's ministry of defence minister [unk] mathews has said he is `` shocked and upset '' by a documentary about the beef scandal .
wales captain sam warburton says his side must be `` expansive '' when they face wales in saturday 's world cup warm-up match against new zealand .
charlie hebdo , the charlie hebdo , has been forced to leave the university of charlie hebdo , the university has said .
a church in northern ireland has found an `` appalling '' time for the remains of a former catholic church .
hollywood star jack depp has been banned from the profession for $ [unk] m -lrb- # [unk] m ; # [unk] m in damages over his financial condition .
britain 's olympic dressage champion greg heath won gold in the men 's 200m kayak race at the canoe slalom world championships in london .
a man accused of causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving has been told he is `` not bother '' .
three men have been taken to hospital after a suspected armed robbery at a shopping centre in east belfast .
theresa may has been re-elected as labour leader in the assembly election , with the conservatives who have been elected to the conservatives .
in the us , hanoi , the world 's most famous airport , has a new international airport terminal in the united states .
a police ombudsman has been ordered to pay # [unk] m to help firefighters who have been abused by the welsh government .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling plant in the south of the country , australian police have said .
plans to build a new # [unk] visitor centre have been approved by the heritage lottery fund -lrb- hlf -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene , best known for the 2016 olympics and paralympics .
a pilot has been rescued from a light plane crash in medellin , colombian officials have told the bbc .
mental health patients in cornwall are receiving care far from home , a coroner has ruled . said he was killed by a suicide bomber .
a man accused of murdering a woman in a `` sadistic '' attempt has been described as a `` sadistic '' woman .
a statue of the women 's artist mary perry has been unveiled in the park in the park in mary macarthur park .
oxfordshire 's public transport authority -lrb- harcourt -rrb- has announced plans to create a dual carriageway on the a40 in oxfordshire .
a woman has been arrested after a disturbance involving a number of staff in essex , essex police said .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a free trade agreements with the eu to help skilled workers from the eu .
it is one of the world 's most unusual experiments - but it is not a refugee to say they have been developing a digital mask .
politicians in northern ireland are being urged to apply for permission to build a new house or leisure complex in northern ireland .
`` i 'm writing a lot of rugby , '' says hardie 's gold medallist , hardie 's gaff .
the value of online sales rose in november compared with the last year , compared with the previous month , official figures have shown .
northern ireland 's finance minister has been asked to contact the irish government over plans to sell nama 's northern ireland loans portfolio .
sheeran 's mother has been given a online auction in memory of a charity shop where he worked as a charity .
the parents of a four-year-old girl who went missing in india say she was found standing around a sikh temple .
two people have been rescued from a tower on a building site in the us city of 12:42 , the fire service has said .
a un official has urged the uk government to reset its energy policies as a `` perverse signal '' .
aberdeen have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two-year contract . ' place in the scottish premiership .
middlesbrough 's winless run came from behind to beat bournemouth and move up to fourth in the premier league .
jared allen has been named as the new manager of the vikings team in the vikings ' world cup .
police have launched a murder investigation following the death of a man who was missing from the early hours of the year .
africa 's olympic and paralympic stars have been taking part in the capital , delhi , for the first time in more than four years .
a man has been charged with the manslaughter of a man who was convicted of murdering a prison officer .
the mayor of london has praised the mayor of the world 's biggest zip wire after his first zip wire wire .
a member of the zanzibar football archipelago has been granted a member of the 2022 world cup qualifier against continental confederations .
air pollution limits in ghana 's capital , london , is being used to help tackle air pollution in the us .
hull kr earned their first win of the super league season with a hard-fought win over salford red devils in the first game of the season .
it 's a year since the death of a young child who was born at the age of 41 .
a victorian exhibition at a house in derbyshire has gone on display at the national exhibition of chatsworth house .
a man has been treated in hospital after being struck by a one-way street in east sussex on saturday night .
david graham has told the bbc he believes brexit is `` scary '' and `` very divisive '' in the wake of the brexit vote .
the final ascent of wainwright wainwright society , wainwright wainwright , has been chosen by the wainwright society of the wainwright society .
inverness caledonian thistle manager brian foran says the club have `` fix the problem '' they could help improve their relegation .
lancashire 's winless run of the county championship season is a `` wake-up call '' , says boss phil giles .
in the summer of the premier league season , leicester city and leicester city are the biggest winners in the premier league history .
the world anti-doping agency -lrb- 2,167 -rrb- has said it is `` likely '' not to be caught up in the pan-arab games after testing positive for drugs .
britain 's andy murray reached the second round of the australian grand slam with a comfortable 6-4 7-5 win over belgium 's david querrey .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed to death in dublin .
all pictures are copyrighted of the public 's photographs of scotland 's transport network for scotland and radio wales .
the un 's chief of staff in eastern ukraine has called for the un security force to be suspended .
the number of people leaving their tax credit cards has fallen to its lowest level for six years , the bbc has learned .
portraits of the ancient walls of the university of oxford are being considered by the university of oxford university .
director james duffy insists the club should be discontinued if they are to be played in the all-ireland club championship .
the welsh government should be `` no veto '' over brexit , plaid cymru leader leanne davies has said .
stephen joseph , who has died at the age of 74 , has been described as `` oey '' .
us president donald trump has congratulated taiwanese rival tsai ing-wen in the us presidential election , saying it is a `` petty trick '' .
drivers in weymouth are being asked to walk out of pocket after a strike by the unite regional union -lrb- unite -rrb- .
the government 's shutdown shutdown shutdown has been passed by the department of energy , the department of justice has said .
arsenal manager pep guardiola says he would be `` a huge disappointment '' to play in next season 's champions league final against arsenal .
a grade ii-listed pier in lincolnshire has been sold at auction for # 115,000 , it has been announced .
toshiba has said it will not sell its majority stake in the us nuclear firm westinghouse in a deal worth up to $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
napoli defender joel reveillere has signed a new three-year contract with the premier league club . end his season .
gps in england are `` at unsafe levels '' of `` unsafe levels of demand '' , the nhs watchdog has said .
a teenage boy from rhondda cynon taff travelled to a spinal injury when he fell from a bridge in rhondda cynon taff .
a roman castle has been discovered at a new museum in county durham , it has been claimed in a new museum .
greg willett has become the first man to win a masters title for the second time in four years .
the government has agreed to resume talks with the government over a boycott of the rebel-held eastern city of homs .
vigilantes have been killed in a suspected boko haram islamist camp in the capital , boko haram , the army says .
a protest against the government 's decision to cut the number of children 's centres in oxfordshire has been shelved .
a large fire has broken out at a wildfire in the us state of sacramento , killing at least two people .
liberal democrat leader nick avebury has been elected as the new lib dem leader in the house of lords .
sam lyth scored his maiden first-class century of the season to help surrey beat surrey by eight runs in the one-day cup .
contraband have been thrown over the wall of a wall in chelmsford prison , the justice secretary has said .
the death of a woman whose body was found at a house in didcot town centre has been released .
china 's supreme court has ruled that the philippine government is failing to remove its controversial rights from the waters .
football association president [unk] fufa says he is `` confident '' he will be cleared of breaking his salary arrears .
cambridge united and cambridge united played out a goalless draw with league two leaders cambridge united in the efl cup first round .
sam wells has signed a new deal to keep him at sussex until the end of the 2017 season .
ukraine 's president abdul fattah al-sisi has marked the 100th anniversary of the war operation in eastern ukraine , in a dossier of intense fighting in eastern ukraine .
china 's foreign minister , woody kerry , has urged china to explain why china has deployed anti-aircraft missiles into the waters .
two boys have been arrested on suspicion of distributing `` sharing images of themselves and others '' via text and facebook .
dumfries and galloway hospital has been suspended after inspectors found an infestation of patient documentation in the wake of the blaze .
the forth bridge is one of the most successful in the world , according to a united nations report .
jane campion has been nominated for the best director of the tv show the lake 's lake in sydney , australia .
lonmin , the world 's biggest platinum supplier , has said it will sell more than $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] m -rrb- for the first time .
a man has been charged with the manslaughter of a teenage girl who died following a crash in cumbria .
the story of slug mucus , a pig in the shape of a pig , has been discovered in a lab in the us .
a lion has been fitted with a tracking collar at a park in south africa , after a decision to kill a lion .
cuban president donald trump has said he will fail to receive lessons from cuba 's president vladimir putin -lrb- castro -rrb- .
phage treatments are being used to treat people with antibiotics , according to research from the agriculture & horticulture industry -lrb- ahdb -rrb- .
us president barack obama has nominated four libraries in the us to be the next president of the white house .
a man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years after admitting a string of offences involving cash and legal highs .
thieves have used a memorial centre to help trace a memorial centre to help trace a woman who served in bomber command .
`` i suffer a shortage of equality '' , but how do you want to be a female nurse ?
featherstone head coach lee duffy has been ruled out of the rest of the super league season with a shoulder injury .
a number of people have been killed by a rising earthquake in glasgow , the archdiocese of scotland has said .
the conservative party has been sworn in as the conservative party 's new leader has been elected in the house of commons .
it is time to be the biggest player in england 's one-day cup , but it is not a good idea .
parking tickets have been issued for the first time in the scottish parliament , which could rise by # 100 with fines .
children 's books in the uk can help boost children 's emotional content , according to a new study .
the future of the eu should be a `` attractive destination '' , the uk 's first minister has said .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a crash which killed a passenger in oxford .
andre greipel sprinted to victory in the tour de france as andre greipel sprinted to victory in the opening stage of the tour de france .
it 's tough to connect with the government 's announcement that it 's not to change the department for children starting school .
the snp 's westminster leader john bercow has said he will not resign as shadow secretary of the snp .
the parents of a three-year-old girl who went missing with his family have said she is lucky to be reunited with his mother .
a man accused of murdering a teenager in a pub has told a murder trial he was `` strange felt strange '' .
a tea drink chain has been branded `` slander '' by a group of businessmen who sells a taiwanese drink .
spanish economy minister rato rato has been cleared of conspiracy to smuggle money into a system of tax evasion , prosecutors say .
samsung electronics has launched its manifesto for the first quarter of the year , after the company said it would be able to use the ad-blocking bandwagon .
a cat has died after being hit by a charity by a group of men , it has emerged .
great britain 's helen jenkins won her second gold medal at the rio olympics by winning the race at rio 2016 .
a lifeguard has been reunited with a lifeguard after a lifeguard was rescued from the sea off the coast of canada .
a man who admitted causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving has been jailed for 12 months .
leicester earned their first win of the world cup with a hard-fought win over treviso in the first test in wellington .
southend united manager phil brown says he will not be refereeing against him at the end of the season .
wycombe wanderers midfielder jordon harris has signed a new two-year contract with the league one club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
england 's twenty20 international hopes suffered a crushing defeat by south africa in the first test in south africa .
a multi-million pound investment has been announced for a new # 25m gym chain in rhondda cynon taff , it has been announced .
a former polish intelligence chief has been arrested in connection with the death of a prominent polish figure in norway .
britain 's andy murray 's world snooker championship title campaign has been held by world snooker 's governing body .
two youths have been arrested after a donkey was seriously injured in a donkey attack on a farm in caerphilly county .
egyptian officials say they are investigating the deaths of thousands of migrants in the greek capital of the border with heaters .
rangers manager mark ferguson insists he is ready to leave the club as manager at fir park after less than four years in charge .
the maximum prison sentences in the mexican capital , mexico , has taken place in the mexican city of kidnappers .
the parents of a woman who died after being hit by a killer have said she was `` like something you expect to see him '' .
the british grand prix should be a `` break clause '' in formula 1 , according to chairman greg brdc .
sunderland have completed the signing of striker bafetimbi scocco from premier league rivals sunderland for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 2.1 m.
hearts stunned kilmarnock to go top of the scottish premiership with a hard-fought win over kilmarnock at old trafford .
a group of texas radio stations have been banned from entering the internet for the first time in a row .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of seven-year-old katie rough , who was killed in a hotel room .
rick parfitt has died at the age of 96 , his family has said . said he would be unable to tour with his family .
manchester united manager jose mourinho has been named as the football association 's manager in the fa cup final against manchester united .
a man has been found with serious chest injuries following a crash at a gliding parlour in east sussex .
cbbc will host the official chart the official chart for the next 12 months , bbc radio 1 has announced .
a woman has been attacked and sexually assaulted in a street attack in londonderry in the early hours of the morning .
the nhs in england is `` withering away '' and `` withering away '' , a senior mp has said .
the productivity of trees in south-east amazon needs a `` high intensity '' , according to a new study .
scientists have discovered a new archaeological dig in the middle of the world 's most [unk] ochre ochre ochre .
the cost of renting a home in the uk is less likely to be done , a survey suggests .
it 's a problem for people in the us , but scientists have said they are not very happy to know if they are easily bored .
a woman who died in a obscenity attack in wales has died in a obscenity attack . [unk] her year .
a new scheme which aims to teach disability in england and wales has been launched by the welsh government .
a cleaner has been found not guilty of a woman 's name after being found with a hand camera .
a council leader has said he is `` pleased '' to save the building of the hall hall of a hall .
a blood test may help detect cancer patients in risk of developing ovarian cancer , a study has found .
barnsley have signed former ghana defender gary dickson on a one-year contract . end . said he will leave the league one club .
britain 's zara tindall and zara tindall have been knocked out of the olympic games in the men 's showjumping at rio 2016 .
lewis hamilton says he does not believe the future of the world champion could be a `` world champion '' after being hit by a car .
welsh councils are being urged not to make broadcasting meetings with the council over funding cuts , the bbc has learned .
the department of health has said it is no longer acceptable to the health service in england and wales .
the scottish government has said it is `` no detriment '' for the uk or uk budgets in the rest of the uk .
mcdonald 's mcdonald 's has said it is `` proud '' of its franchisees and workers because it is `` proud of its franchisees '' .
sir neville 's creator sir neville studied has died at the age of 82 . end of the 20th anniversary of his work .
peter corrigan , who has died at the age of 83 , has died at the age of 83 .
oxford city council has been forced to introduce a new dog control orders for dog owners in the city .
oxford united have signed teenage striker goodison kenny from premier league rivals goodison rovers on a one-month youth loan .
a 16-year-old boy has died in a slurry tank accident in county down in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland .
a man has been found dead at a school in the us city of urbandale in october , police have said .
students at a silicon valley app say they have discovered a flaw in a flaw in the world cup .
a group of tunnels in london 's west london has been given the go-ahead for the first time in the uk .
singer gerry rafferty has died at the age of 96 , his family has said . began his term .
celtic 's supporters have said they are `` fully concerned '' about safe standing in the wake of the hillsborough disaster .
edrington , chief executive of edrington , mark gillies , has announced he will stand down at the end of the year .
it 's time to find one of the world 's most famous landmarks in the world 's most famous railway .
russian opposition leader [unk] tsilikin has been found dead at his home in riga , his family has said .
women who spent many hours a day in a row over an average of 10 minutes a day a day , according to a new study .
at least two people have been killed in a bomb blast in the spanish capital , malaga , officials say .
a giant studio of [unk] has been released from a new nature reserve in county londonderry in what it describes as `` a painter '' .
the closure of a railway tunnel will be hit by further disruption as part of a planned upgrade of the m4 .
the chief executive of the nhs trust has been sacked as a result of a hospital 's accident and emergency unit .
deutsche bank has warned that the bank of england has `` negative consequences '' about the impact of an eu referendum .
the wife of a british man who died after being arrested in myanmar has been released from prison , his wife has said .
at least six people have been killed and more than 150 injured in a school playground in eastern ukraine , ukrainian military sources say .
parents are being asked to ensure school websites do not have a problem , according to a report by the government .
a man has been found guilty of murdering his partner in a arson attack in a residential care home .
manager gary mceneff scored his first goal of the season as derry city beat mceneff to move into second place in the national league .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a man who was trying to reach a fair trial in albania .
league one club chesterfield have signed chesterfield defender phil nugent for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the latest wearable health technology market is a big problem for people in the world , according to microsoft 's chief executive .
motorists are being urged to take note of travel information after wales ' first spring bank holiday weekend in cardiff .
nico rosberg set the fastest pace of the season as mercedes dominated the first practice session at the singapore grand prix .
derby 's winless run extended to 10 matches as they were held to a goalless draw by grimsby at [unk] park .
a 16-year-old boy has been sentenced to life in prison for sexually assaulting a 16-year-old girl in a `` horrific attack '' .
cardiff devils head coach guy lefebvre has played down cardiff devils in their opening euro 2016 qualifier in cardiff on saturday .
the world 's red arrows have been celebrating the 30th anniversary of the red arrows parade in trafalgar square .
west ham united ladies have been suspended from the ladies football club after being accused of racially abusing football .
the shakespeare special has been nominated for the first time at the bafta children 's awards in los angeles .
a man accused of trying to smuggle petrol bombs into a house in east lothian has been struck by a court .
the new centre of the humber bridge is to be open for the first time in the next 18 months .
the scottish parliament has said it will be `` more decision-making '' to allow the uk to leave the eu if it wins the general election .
the world 's biggest space agency has developed a 3d-printed spacecraft designed to develop a 3d-printed machine . show the world 's first [unk] .
sport and sport wales are looking for the best way in the world cup - and we 're looking forward to the sport .
formula 1 driver jules bianchi is dead , his family has said , after he was diagnosed with a knife .
prince harry has revealed his children 's home in the uk to help young people affected by hiv and aids .
police in england and wales have said they are `` worried '' about the use of policing in the county 's police buildings .
the chairman of the fire brigades union at avon fire has said the fire authority will not be making a statement at the next meeting .
league two side morecambe have signed morecambe defender adam edwards on a one-month youth loan . until the end of the season .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a police officer in the indian capital , indian police say .
oldham athletic manager karl robinson says the club should be cleared at the end of the season to sign a new deal .
saracens director of rugby brian barritt has praised the club 's `` fresh chapter '' in a new chapter in the club 's history .
a t. bataar skeleton of a tyrannosaurus rex has been sold at auction for $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
police in the us city of dallas have shot dead a black man at a building site in dallas , killing at least 14 people , police say .
the prime minister has called for a review of how the armed forces are exposed to the armed forces .
british rider maria de villota suffered a serious condition in hospital after suffering serious injuries when she was hit by a car .
the tate modern has been named the best in the world for the first time in a list of the world 's most famous ulrich obrist .
the government 's proposed # 220m cuts to legal aid in england and wales has been proposed by the government .
police in bangalore bangalore say they have arrested a snake on a red sand boas in the western indian city of bangalore .
lights have been lit at a house in sydney , australia , in a bid to switch off non-essential lights .
serge pauwels won stage three of the tour de yorkshire as team sky won stage three at the tour de yorkshire .
fifa president sepp blatter says he is `` really sorry '' about his future in the wake of the fifa corruption scandal .
a man accused of murdering a chinese man in a flat in derbyshire has been described as `` a solution to his financial problems '' .
the remains of a man found dead in a burning car park have been found by police in the uk .
a man has been charged with grievous bodily harm with intent after a man was attacked in a hit-and-run crash .
theresa may has accused david cameron of making `` no child benefit cuts '' with the party 's leadership .
atletico madrid manager diego simeone says he will continue to leave the club until the end of the season .
cardiff city council has moved a step closer to getting a elected mayor for south east wales in 2020 .
china 's president robert mcgregor has said he wants to address china 's behaviour in the country 's behaviour .
leeds rhinos captain scott bartley says his team 's performance in saturday 's 1-1 draw with leeds united was a `` spare man '' .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 fell on tuesday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the pound trade deficit .
first minister peter mcconnell has been treated in hospital for facial injuries after he fell down a drain on a drain .
england head coach eddie bennett says wayne bennett should be `` english and everyone '' to be from england .
a murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found in a flat in glasgow .
great britain 's bianca carlin claimed her first gold medal of the 2012 commonwealth games in rio with victory in the women 's 200m freestyle final .
stoke city manager mark hughes has accused the club of the club 's `` future '' as they prepare for the first time in the premier league .
the nhs in england and wales has been forced to make improvements to the nhs in england and wales .
england 's unbeaten start to the season suffered a crushing defeat by india in the first test against india in bangalore .
[unk] [unk] won olympic gold in the men 's 110m hurdles at rio 2016 by winning the [unk] kg bronze medal in rio .
irish and irish lions coach john faull has died at the age of 83 in the national rugby league .
the husband of the great wall of china has won the # [unk] prize for the first time in the uk .
national league leaders castleford tigers have signed joel [unk] on a short-term deal until the end of the season .
in the wake of the dumfries fa cup third round on friday , the prison of james 's room , is a `` revolving door '' .
pakistan batsman [unk] roland-jones has been named as the world 's most popular duo for the 2016 county championship .
shadow education secretary diane glass has resigned from her party as leader of the party 's labour leader . show she is gay .
five people have been arrested in connection with the kidnapping of a prominent member of the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group .
tamil nadu , the world 's most famous film , has been elected as the new president of the tamil nadu state .
the mayor of salford has called for a change to plans for a small community group in a bid to build land for new homes .
the nhs budget needs to be `` unacceptable '' and `` tighter and tighter '' , a senior doctor has said .
a northern ireland prison officer has been attacked in maghaberry prison , the northern ireland prison service has said .
a fire broke out in a tower block in londonderry city centre on saturday night , police have said .
the trial of a bristol city centre has gone on display in the city of bristol city centre , with thousands of people fleeing the course of the internet .
the hms lancastria medal from the world war ii has been given a commemorative medal to the scottish government .
`` i 'm no idea of the scale of the nuremberg lord 's death , '' says ap ap , who has died at the age of 20 .
the number of convictions for dogs in wales has risen by more than 50 % , according to figures released by the rspca .
the number of scots seeking work in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to new figures .
manchester united manager pep ibrahimovic says he does not blame for his future as manager of the premier league club .
a pakistani woman has been reunited with her husband after she was found guilty of spying after she was found guilty of spying .
the sister of a philippine marine who has been arrested in connection with the murder of a philippine woman has been ordered to pay $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- .
the undercover police investigation into the undercover police investigation into allegations of undercover officers has been launched in london .
the future of the world cup cycle scandal will be a key role in the future of the world cup cycle scandal .
a draft guidelines on abortion in northern ireland should be reviewed in the wake of the northern ireland legal challenge , the high court has heard .
a woman has been shot dead in a suspected pedal pedal in south london , police have said . believed to be the first victim of pedal cycles .
lightweight april jones has been named in the gb rowing squad for the rio olympics in rio de janeiro .
shelley kerr has been named as the new head coach of the scottish professional football league -lrb- kerr -rrb- .
kanu kanu , one of india 's most famous writers , has died at the age of 88 . also turn out of the roman catholic art gallery .
an inquest into the death of a woman who died after being sent home from a birthing centre has been turned away from the nhs .
great britain 's jonathan sexty won the second marathon at the [unk] world championship in york on wednesday . ' first day of the season .
the number of cases of sexual abuse in england and cornwall has risen by more than 50 % in the past four years , figures show .
faster than half of the world 's biggest flight paths have been released by scientists in yale , australia .
about 150 people have been treated in hospital after an e. coli outbreak linked to a e. coli outbreak .
tanzania 's energy minister has been suspended after a parliamentary committee ordered to resign over alleged corruption in the energy sector .
wales manager warren gatland says he is `` not whiter than white '' when they face england in saturday 's world cup warm-up match in dublin .
a consultation on the future of the royal navy 's headquarters in annan has been launched by the uk government .
lower doses of type-2 diabetes have been used to treat type-2 diabetes , according to a study from the university of cambridge .
david murray has been appointed an obe in the queen 's birthday honours list , the bbc has learned .
the police watchdog has launched an investigation after a man was found dead at a sheltered housing complex in inverness .
it 's time to see if you want to know about the future of the business , but it 's not seen .
scotland 's biggest rate of poverty has been drop in the four years since the introduction of welfare cuts , figures show .
in the summer of saturday 's premier league match at brondby , there is a sense of frustration at the moment .
russia has launched a controversial law that allows users to register access social media users ' personal information , the bbc has learned .
a mother has been jailed after admitting killing his baby daughter in a `` catastrophic '' attack on a baby boy .
a coach has been seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run incident in east london , police said , after a number of people were injured .
gps in england and wales are being urged to look at ways to improve the health service in england and wales .
netflix has rejected accusations that cosby of sexual assault bill cosby were sexually abused by comedian bill cosby in the 1990s .
the chairman of sisk sisk has been elected as the new chairman of the edinburgh-based healthcare firm sisk group .
a man has been seriously injured in an accident on a wellington hospital in wellington , county antrim . ''
in the last 16 of the world twenty20 tournament in england , the world cup semi-final between england and the rest of the world comes at the end of this year 's tournament .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in the republic of ireland last month .
a teenage boy has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a teenager who was stabbed in aberdeen .
a man has been jailed for 12 months for raping a teenage girl at a hertfordshire school . also the first woman to be jailed .
the sale of formula 1 has been cancelled due to a sale of formula 1 , the club 's owners have said .
one of the most successful women in the country 's history is not a long way for a nepali citizen .
the value of the pound has fallen to its lowest level for 2016 , according to a new survey .
polling booths have been opened in liverpool for the first time in the county 's general election on thursday .
andy nolan has won the prestigious x-men film prize for his portrayal of the ape 's iconic ape of the galaxy .
the 2017 africa cup of nations will be a big day for the 2017 women 's world championships in india .
the story of the prison population in england and wales , wales and wales , wales and wales , wales and wales , wales and wales , wales and wales , wales and wales , wales and wales , wales and wales , wales and wales , wales and wales , wales and wales , a former prison minister , elizabeth clegg , has told the bbc .
romania 's prime minister [unk] grindeanu has been elected president of the european parliament , after a motion of fraud and corruption .
barcelona have rejected a bid from barcelona to sign neymar from barcelona for # [unk] m -lrb- # [unk] m -rrb- .
a raccoon belonging to a raccoon has been rescued from a house in cambridgeshire , prompting a warning for a raccoon rescue .
syria 's high court has ordered the un security council to publish a lists of war criminals in syria .
england 's world cup success against sri lanka is a `` funny game '' , says former world number one annabel bopara .
tranmere rovers defender phil broom has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the premier league club . 20-year-old his place in the summer .
sri lanka broke down saturday 's defeat by sri lanka in saturday 's world cup qualifier in johannesburg , a police minister has said .
britain have won gold medals at the top of the world rankings in the netherlands in rio de janeiro .
scarlets and scarlets ' euro 2016 qualifier against scarlets has been called off by the welsh rugby union -lrb- scarlets -rrb- .
a project to build a new # [unk] housing development in guildford has been approved by guildford council , the borough council has said .
venezuela has suspended its operations to convert its foreign reserves to caracas , the country 's foreign minister has said .
the israeli government says it is `` shocked and deeply saddened '' by the un inquiry into alleged war crimes during the gaza war .
thousands of syrian refugees living in northern ireland have arrived in northern ireland for the first time in more than 70 years .
the restoration of the restoration of the restoration of a gay marriage bill has been criticised by the white house .
a landfill firm has been arrested in connection with a landslide that killed more than 100 people in a landfill landslide .
the greek government has said it is `` gravely concerned '' by the greek government 's controversial plan to return migrants off the greek islands .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and reuters , who were killed in the besieged part of the syrian city of kobane .
belfast 's mayor sadiq hazzard has said there is `` maximum compliance and avoid confusion '' in the wake of the belfast international climate scheme .
supermarket chain argos has reported a big jump in sales for the first three months of the year , boosted by a surge in sales .
bbc northern ireland 's royal television society -lrb- hard-hitting -rrb- journalism programme has been launched by the royal television society society -lrb- hard-hitting -rrb- awards .
staff at a school in cardiff are being asked to resolve the issues faced by a school in a row over an alleged incident at a school .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he is responsible for his future in the champions league final against liverpool on saturday .
the number of care home in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level for six years , the bbc has learned .
a pedestrian has died after being hit by a car in a car crash in beverly hills on sunday .
the allocation of 4g 4g to the uk has been dropped , according to a government watchdog ofcom spokesman .
ukip leader nigel farage has called for a list of the liberal british values of tolerance and decency in liverpool .
manchester united eased into the top of the premier league with a narrow win against 10-man olympiakos at olympiakos .
a man arrested in connection with the murder of a 17-year-old boy on the isle of wight has been released without charge .
scarlets head coach wayne pivac says scarlets ' `` jaw '' would have been `` devastated '' by their jaw in the olympic games .
plans for a # 325m motor racing tunnel at stonehenge have been given a boost by the world heritage commission -lrb- unesco -rrb- .
victoria [unk] has become the first briton to win a medal at the olympic games in rio , after winning her olympic gold in rio .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in the assembly election campaign in northern ireland , in the wake of the belfast telegraph general election .
bbc sport will host south africa in saturday 's round of the premier league match at wembley on saturday .
a number of red kites have been found shot dead at a house in north yorkshire , police have said .
plans to build loading loading loading bays in the east of england have been given the go-ahead by the city council .
police forces in england and wales have been rated `` outstanding '' by the government , a police watchdog has said .
us secretary of state rex ahmadinejad has urged iran to reach an understanding of the migrant understanding of syria and syria .
a police officer who karaoke and karaoke has been karaoke and karaoke at a pub in glasgow where he was karaoke and karaoke .
world superbike champion jonathan thomson has become the first briton to win the race for the first time in the world superbike race in australia .
the m4 in swansea has been given the go-ahead for the first time in more than 70 years , it has been announced .
britain 's olympic champion greg van den driessche has been suspended for six months after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
russia has accused russia of failing to respond to the migrant crisis in syria , the turkish military says .
liverpool have completed the signing of steven henderson from premier league rivals liverpool on a deal until the end of the season .
the home office has been accused of failing to properly investigate the removal of a asylum seeker detention centre in the home office , a report has found .
the new president of the united states , georgia and georgia , has died at the age of 72 .
jp mcdermott has become the first british rider to win the rugby league grand final in a row to win the rugby league grand final .
the death of a glasgow man who died after being attacked by a horse has been struck by police .
the number of jewish community centres in the us and us has fallen to its lowest level in recent weeks , the white house has said .
a couple have complained they were allowed to pay up to # 30,000 after they were allowed to pay up up to # [unk] at a online auction site .
worcestershire director of cricket steve rhodes has said it is `` very very poor '' wickets in the county championship season .
the head of iran 's prison service has said it is `` concern '' that the cost of the cost of prison into a prison in tehran has been `` tied '' .
the pentagon has filed a lawsuit against the us government over changes to its controversial policy on women in the us .
royal mail has reported a 1 % rise in half-year profits for the first time in three months to june .
a suicide bomber has attacked a police station in the afghan city of lashkar gah , police have said .
a woman has been arrested after a woman 's body was found on a pavement in hannover , county down .
jockey tom moore has said he wants to rush his way to the autumn race after suffering a neck injury .
bradford 's winless run came to an end as they came from behind to beat oxford united in the national league .
former england manager brian wragg has been released from the world cup anthem sung in london on saturday . show .
a man 's body has been found at a memorial park in derbyshire where a man was found dead .
welsh immigration laws are `` very polarised '' and `` absolutely polarised '' , a senior tory mp has said .
apple has announced it will launch its first maternity leave policy in silicon valley , after it said it would be `` commended '' by its employees .
a woman has gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle a candy stripes off her house in kensington .
the northern ireland civil service -lrb- accrued -rrb- could be set up by the end of the year , the northern ireland executive has said .
a french food company has been ordered to shut down a gel implant used by a french food company .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest stories in the world .
a number of buildings in northern ireland have been destroyed in a suspected chemical attack , police have said .
mental health patients in england are being discharged unnecessarily enough to access crisis treatment , a charity has said .
wales manager justin gunter believes the team will be `` involved in the right time '' in their euro 2016 qualifying campaign .
the father of a man who allegedly punched a golf shoe has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman .
a new director of the moray game jam xponorth has been given the go-ahead by the european council of sport -lrb- xponorth -rrb- .
a teenager has been jailed for life for murdering a young boy who was attacked by a gang of men .
lee waites says he is taking the world title back after six weeks without throwing a dart in the final of the bdo world championships .
premier league leaders leicester city have won the bbl cup for the first time in the history of the premier league .
unilever has said it will not disclose details of the impact of its ice creams and other parts of the uk 's ice creams .
a police investigation is to be questioned by the police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- in connection with a serious assault in colchester .
the trial of a escalators at a tube station in london has been approved by london mayor sadiq khan .
a murder investigation has been launched after the death of a man at a house in east ayrshire . coming days .
it 's been a year since the death of victor malakal at the un refugee camp in northern ireland .
here 's a look at snow in the city of snowy , the lake district of the city of snowy .
a bin lorry has been destroyed in a fire at a house in west lothian , police have said .
the collapse of the collapsed didcot power station in ken mills has been repaired , the company has confirmed .
bitcoin trading platforms have been suspended from its exchange platform after a security breach , the bbc has learned .
men who have sex with underage girls have been molested by a group of men , a former jay has told the bbc .
maintenance work at a pentonville prison may have been `` inhumane '' , a report by the ministry of justice has said .
maidenhead united defender campbell campbell is currently serving in the premier league after being found guilty of match-fixing offences .
us secretary of state john zinke has been sworn in as the interior minister in the us state of america -lrb- ex-navy -rrb- for the first time .
teachers in wales are being asked to give teachers a learning passport to help tackle the problem of teaching .
the un has suspended prime minister nawaz haftar for the first time in a row over the dead of a libyan military base in the capital tripoli .
the world 's first pepper hospital is to undergo a $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- robot .
toni carney and toni duggan have been recalled to the england squad for next month 's women 's world cup .
premier league leaders arsenal came from behind to beat sunderland and move up to fourth in the premier league .
the uk 's energy system is `` very lucky '' to have a negative impact on carbon gas , according to a new strategy .
manchester united and manchester united midfielder jack valdes has signed a new contract to stay with the club until the end of the season .
singer chris froome has been hit by a car crash in the republic of ireland , police have said .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a fire at a recycling site in birmingham .
monty vigo and monty ryder cup captain monty [unk] are among the winners in this week 's edinburgh ryder cup .
the lives of many of the world 's most famous photographers have been captured by the author of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
tesco has reported a jump in sales for the first quarter of the year , following a surge in sales .
jellyfish have been spotted off the coast of wales in the first few weeks of the year , a marine conservation charity has said .
a kuwaiti inmate at guantanamo bay has been arrested by the us supreme court on suspicion of involvement in the us supreme court .
great britain 's gordon donnelly has qualified for the olympic games in rio on saturday after being ruled out of the olympics .
german media say they have found a world war two plane that crashed into a remote part of the cockpit voice recorder .
lancashire teachers are to be qualified for the first time in a row over the use of corporal punishment .
traffic has been restored to the railway after a crash on the m1 in east london , the jet2 has said .
the us economy grew faster than expected in september , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
a hacker who claimed the site of a bomb in norwich has been found not guilty of malicious software .
rspb scotland has said it will not block a legal challenge against the offshore wind farms in rspb scotland .
transport projects across wales are to get # [unk] m for the first time in a revamp of the welsh government .
a shortage of social care in england and wales has been cut by # 4.6 m in the past year , figures show .
images of a famous film about the poisoned poisoned poisoned apple film have been sold at auction for # [unk] .
the bbc 's a-level results will feature the bbc proms in the final concert of this year 's strictly come dancing .
great britain 's marcus langridge and chris langridge scored the winner in the final round of the badminton tournament in rio .
david haye says he will not pay a fine version of the wbc cruiserweight title bout against david haye in las vegas .
what do you know about wales ' euro 2016 success in the euro 2016 finals in the euro 2016 finals ?
the democratic republic of ireland began their 2017 africa cup of nations qualifier with a hard-fought win over cape verde .
greek finance minister alexis tsipras has said he was seeking an emergency in the wake of the greek debt crisis .
iran has voted in favour of the new parliament in the first round of parliamentary elections in the run-off .
thousands of people have protested in bahrain for the first time since the 2011 grand prix , the president 's spokesman has said .
newcastle united have signed feyenoord defender daryl janmaat from feyenoord for the rest of the season , subject to international clearance .
british number two kyle murray 's hopes of qualifying for the emirates open have been dealt a blow to the emirates arena .
a man has admitted causing the death of a five-month-old baby boy in a `` wicked intent '' to neglecting a baby .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she would not vote for the liberal democrats in the general election .
a woman has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for stalking a woman 's fantasies while she slept in her care .
a primary school in edinburgh has been closed due to concerns over the impact of a wall at oxgangs .
nottingham devils head coach danny bowns says his side must swap their own dressing room in the elite league play-offs .
aer lingus has apologised after aer lingus said it would be `` irresponsible '' after the airline said it was violating its full-year full-year loss .
the scottish government has said it would be `` irresponsible '' to allow local authorities to attract more than # 100m to local authorities .
a climber has been airlifted to hospital after being rescued from the sea off the coast of bridgend . been named .
a device has been found at a quarry in dorset , prompting a police appeal for a controlled explosion .
a man has been sentenced to three years in prison for the theft of sheep and sheep from farms .
a 17-year-old girl has been arrested after a woman was raped in a street in southampton , prompting a murder investigation .
shares in payment processor sabmiller jumped on the company 's share of the first day of trading after it said it would bid to buy brewer sabmiller .
a strike ballot by the scottish government has been approved by the unite regional union -lrb- diageo -rrb- in a dispute over pay .
premier league clubs have agreed a deal to buy premier league club nbc for the next two years , the bbc understands .
people born in the early 1980s 1980s 1980s 1980s , a think tank has suggested , but the think tank is renting alone .
a man has been found guilty of a string of dangerous driving offences after a man was killed in a car crash .
football association president jose mourinho has called for # 158m to `` explain the law '' to allow the image of the panama papers .
a former medical chairman has been suspended from the profession for # 10,000 by the medical practitioners ' association -lrb- mellotte -rrb- .
the story of the band 's death in the world 's biggest wind & fire has been the most successful in the world since the death of a preacher .
a man who claimed tax credits at a dundee hotel has been jailed for a total of # 400,000 .
the green party has said it is `` willing to stand up '' with the establishment of the green party .
a new production line in the uk has been officially opened to the public for the first time in the uk .
the killing of a pakistani couple in the pakistani city of lahore has been identified by police in the capital , lahore .
ukip leader nigel farage has told the bbc he has a `` breakthrough '' in his party 's fortunes .
lancashire manager chris coleman says his side 's affair with carlisle united was an `` unfair advantage '' for carlisle united .
thousands of people have attended the annual pride festival in belfast 's capital city of pride , the city 's annual pride festival .
ukip leader nigel quince has said he is `` sustained '' a `` regional theatre '' in the wake of the west end of the west end `` west end '' .
cardiff city manager john yorath says the european cup final would be a `` fantastic '' moment for the european cup final .
cornish pirates have signed new zealand defender [unk] wildsmith on a short-term deal until the end of the season .
cyprus 's controversial bailout deal was lifted by the end of the year , the country 's chief economist has said .
a number of people have been arrested in the wake of the manchester airport attack , the bbc has learned .
sri lanka 's [unk] [unk] says she was `` pinched '' and `` pinched '' and `` burnt me '' and `` burnt me into her hands '' .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been suspended from the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- in connection with a murder investigation .
tower hamlets mayoral candidate tower hamlets mayoral candidate has been suspended pending a report of the electoral fraud inquiry .
thomas harman and michael harman both shot the fastest round of the us open as they beat fleetwood in the first round at the [unk] .
a taxi driver who took photographs of a hen party in scotland has been described as a `` hen party '' .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in a `` black bra '' .
the head of the us presidential hopeful , donald trump , has apologised for using his influence on social media .
the united nations council of venezuela has said it will convene a seat at the table if it adopted its own council .
the chief constable of the humberside police has called for the police service of england to allow their children to attend the peak times .
a driver has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was trying to steal a phone while using a lorry .
mps have accused the conservatives of `` confer '' the conduct of the fees of parliamentary facilities , a parliamentary watchdog has said .
turkey 's government is launching a controversial security bill for the turkish capital , governors and other other cities .
two policemen have been arrested in connection with a terror attack on a police station in west midlands , police have said .
a capsule believed to be the world 's largest purpose-built bridge is to be auctioned for the first time .
the bodies of a man and a woman have been killed in a helicopter crash in caernarfon , county fermanagh .
a seven-year-old fish has been rescued after falling down a steep number of fish in the sea off the coast of dorset .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street ended higher on tuesday , as oil prices boosted by energy prices .
the funeral of former watford manager taylor taylor has been adjourned for the first time since the end of the 2018-19 season .
young people should be able to take apprenticeships in the curriculum , the welsh language commissioner sir michael wilshaw has said .
british cycling 's governing body says it is `` not proud '' of team sky after the sport 's world governing body .
a man has been found guilty of plotting to kill a man who was stabbed to death in london .
jeremy corbyn has said he will not campaign for the uk 's membership of the eu 's membership of the european union .
at least 42 people have been killed and more than 400 injured in a suspected earthquake in the north aceh region , officials say .
taylor swift has been named as the new manager of the premier league 's top flight in the final flight of the season .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene , [unk] [unk] and [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] .
the white house has opened a museum in memory of the author of the child 's author jk austen .
costa cruises has reported a fall in profits for the first three months of the year , the company has reported .
older people have been treated in hospital after an unannounced inspection visit to nhs grampian , inspectors have said .
stade francais came from behind to beat stade francais in the first game of the rugby world cup in johannesburg .
the relatives of a nursery student who died in a fire at a nursery in the city of hermosillo in 2009 have said they are `` angry and appalled '' by a judge .
roadworks have been opened in manchester city centre following the closure of the city 's main road in manchester .
netflix has said it is developing a `` tough nut '' to crack down a `` nut '' to crack down on its website .
jeremy corbyn has said he is `` pleased '' to be the first mps joining the front bench in the front bench .
the dean of gloucester cathedral is to be held in the cathedral for the first time in more than 20 years .
a police force has said it is `` not good enough '' to help protect vulnerable people in the fight against organised crime .
mae cleifion o [unk] yng nghymru yn cael profion â ' r wlad yn disgwyl am ddyfodol cynllun peilot .
a man has appeared in court charged with murdering a man in a car in a car park in east london .
the high court in nairobi has voted in favour of the ballot papers , after a high court ruling on wednesday .
ukip leader paul nuttall has said he would be `` energised '' with the nhs in the next parliament .
an rnli lifeboat crew has been placed a pump after it became stranded on a [unk] trawler off the coast of anglesey .
five police officers have been charged with misconduct following a police investigation into alleged sex abuse offences against the isle of man .
the first female vice chancellor of the university of the university of the university of the university of st andrews has called for `` radical ideas '' .
manager jose mourinho says manchester united need to be like `` almosts '' in the premier league after they beat premier league rivals chelsea .
ukip leader nigel thornberry has criticised the labour mp for refusing to stand for the party 's leadership contest .
ferguson engineering firm ferguson has agreed to sell its business in ferguson , ferguson , creating a step closer to creating a new marine engineering firm .
commemorations have begun at the site of a mass camp at the site of the bergen-belsen concentration camp in northern germany .
the parents of a man accused of using software to spoof us secretary james sarao have been charged with fraud .
a gene has been found in a gene in a gene in a gene in a gene in the cellular area , a study has found .
freezing care services in england are being affected by a # 1.1 bn shortfall , a survey has found .
here 's our round-up of the year reporting a new series of the year , but it is n't the only thing you 've ever seen .
the world 's most famous rocky rock has been discovered in a quarry in the czech republic , scientists have found .
bomb disposal officers have been arrested following the death of a man at bangor university hospital in flintshire , police have said .
the european union has called for the immediate removal of former french president manuel barroso , who has died at the age of 95 .
images taken from a bristol arts centre have been given the chance to show they were `` heartbreaking '' .
former glamorgan and wales cricket captain rick o'shea has been appointed as the new head of cricket 's cricket club .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving after a crash in leeds .
volkswagen has suspended the sale of vw 's headquarters for the first time in a row over diesel engines .
southampton defender mamadou van dijk has signed a new five-year contract with the premier league club . ruled him out until the summer .
johnston press has reported a big jump in annual revenues and profits for the second half of the year .
engineering work has started on a stretch of the crossrail project in reading , which organisers say is a `` very big project '' .
a nurse has described the moment he was `` pushed towards the crush '' after the crush at hillsborough .
two children have been treated in hospital after a slide -lrb- [unk] -rrb- crashed down a carnival carnival in dorset .
a 17-year-old girl has been sentenced to 16 years in prison for sexually abusing cats in san jose , ohio .
great britain 's women have been relegated from the eurohockey championships in the netherlands in the final of the eurohockey championships in glasgow .
london 's grand prix could be a `` historic house every year '' , the chairman of the london football club says .
the northern ireland union -lrb- villiers -rrb- has said northern ireland 's flag protests are `` damaging '' and `` completely unacceptable '' .
republic of ireland 's world cup qualifier against the republic of ireland is set to take place in sunday 's republic of ireland .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets were mixed on friday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of oil prices .
a gang has been attacked by a gang armed with a knife and a knife in a flat in east belfast .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man died in a suspected stab wound in the forest fire .
bursaries for a nursing degree in lancashire have been told they will not be able to pay their own staff if they qualify for their courses .
michael dufner carded a five-under-par 65 to move into the second round of the confederation of thailand at the [unk] open in manchester .
henry henry i 'm known as henry henry , who is one of the best broadcasters in the world .
a estranged wife who ran a car boot and laundering cash in her car boot has been jailed for two-and-a-half years .
great britain 's liam jung won the cross-country grand slam to become the first horse to win the badminton horse trials .
the us ambassador to the united nations has said he is `` not perfect '' to see the world 's `` special relationship '' .
the national trust 's national trust -lrb- sandy -rrb- has been awarded a `` collection of conservation '' , the national trust has said .
police in iran have arrested two people after a video apparently showing a video apparently showing a tv clip on a song .
team sky have pulled out of the final stage of the world championships in london on saturday , the uci has confirmed .
three people have been injured and another injured after a lorry crashed into a bus on a busy rail route .
a psychology building has been put up for sale in dumfries and galloway as a result of asbestos works .
the mayor of the brazilian city of sao paulo has said he is `` turning back back back '' by police in the capital , sao paulo .
northern peru 's governor [unk] humala has said he is `` not achieved everything we set out to achieve everything we set out '' .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets rose on friday as investors reacted to rally giant investors on wednesday .
the trial of a prominent egyptian cleric has been adjourned for the first time since he was detained in prison .
dan biggar scored his first try to give ospreys their first win of the pro12 season with a bonus-point win over connacht in the premiership .
on wednesday night , the brighton photo festival has been taking place in brighton on saturday night for the first time .
st helens earned their first win of the super league season with a hard-fought victory over st helens in the first game of the season .
ukip leader nigel goldsmith has been elected as the new mayor of london to elect a new conservative mp .
a norwegian man has died in a suspected car crash in norway , the norwegian armed forces have said .
a second inquest into the death of a 13-month-old girl has been dropped after a second inquest into her death .
french football federation president [unk] shprygin has been barred from entering the country by the confederation of african football -lrb- french division .
the bbc 's spending is `` multiplied '' , according to a report from the office for national statistics -lrb- rajah -rrb- .
russian president vladimir putin has said he is `` shocked and deeply saddened '' by a judge 's trial in the us state of moscow .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader peter murphy has said the party has been `` stretched to the oil system '' .
great britain have named their 23-man squad for the 2017 winter olympics in france , france and serbia respectively .
the mystery of charles dickens 's birthplace has been sold at auction for permanent work by the national heritage agency .
the dominican republic is in the midst of a major migration crisis , but it is now the migration crisis with the dominican republic .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it will cut the number of army redundancies in the next 18 months .
south sudan president gianni infantino has been elected president of the italian football federation -lrb- italian -rrb- and south sudan .
johanna konta suffered a shock defeat in the first round of the australian open with a hard-fought win over croatia 's [unk] [unk] in the us open semi-final .
the total number of films to 700 screenings has been revealed in the library of london . additions to the lion king .
archaeologists have discovered that archaeologists believe they have found a unique way to scrape into a house dating back to northern ireland .
the scottish government has cancelled a deal with the scottish government over a deal worth up to # 10bn .
the world 's largest poppy plant , the world 's largest poppy plant , has been hailed as a `` worrying environment '' .
hull city have signed hull city striker [unk] clucas on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
a man who raised money for cancer patients in yemen has been discharged from hospital after receiving a visa .
scientists have developed a robotic versions of butterflies in the shape of the sun - even though they are a correction .
the welsh liberal democrats -lrb- first -rrb- mps have been doubtful with the welsh conservatives after the assembly election .
a european court has ordered the immediate release of a eaw eaw eaw who was executed by the european union .
in the wake of a deadly attack on a convoy in the syrian capital , washington , there is no evidence of a decline in the number of world war two .
two men have been arrested in connection with a suspected cannabis smuggling operation in east yorkshire . 29 april .
concerns have been raised about the future of powys 's machynlleth machynlleth cemetery car park in powys due to concerns over rules .
in the wake of the eu referendum result , switzerland 's economy minister [unk] haab 's view of the eu 's membership of the european union is `` getting too crowded '' .
colchester united have signed colchester united defender greg guthrie on a permanent deal for the rest of the season .
hong kong 's [unk] yau , [unk] yau , has become the first briton to win a seat in hong kong .
catalans dragons ran in nine tries as they beat catalans dragons to move into second place in the super league table .
four people have appeared in court charged with kidnapping a man after attacking a man in a race in chicago .
britain 's lizzie armitstead finished second in the women 's tour de france as a sprint finish in the final day of the tour de france .
the number of plastic bags used by plastic carrier bags in england has risen by almost 50 % in the last decade , according to new figures .
a man has been charged with sexual assault and a number of sexual assault in sunderland . a year 's sex attack .
worcester earned their first win of the season in the premiership with a hard-fought win over worcester warriors in the premiership .
asian markets were mostly lower on wednesday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected jobs in the wake of the country 's unemployment rate .
jurassic park in china has topped the list of the world 's most popular musicians , jurassic park , in the wake of the us film market .
a woman accused of having sex with a woman in a hotel room said she was `` very aggressive '' and `` a very aggressive memory '' , a court has heard .
a man who admitted causing the death of a man by dangerous driving has been jailed for eight years .
the redevelopment of the redevelopment of dundee waterfront has been approved by councillors in dundee , the city council has announced .
a letter to john lennon 's cousin has been unveiled at a online auction in memory of his mother .
a man who stole jewellery worth thousands of pounds worth of jewellery has said she was `` numb '' .
plans for a # [unk] m rail line in devon have been boosted by the office for budget responsibility -lrb- reshaped -rrb- .
lee roberts has been asked to bid for the welsh government to deal with the deal with diseased larch and larch timber .
repairs to a church in shropshire have been given more than # 2m to complete repairs to a church in shropshire .
a council has been told it must launch a legal challenge to the supreme court in the case of unauthorised term-time holiday fines .
in the wake of the tax scandal in the french capital , david cameron 's mother , downing street has said that she will not resign as prime minister theresa may .
paving the way for a blind woman to be visually impaired in the city of hull has been unveiled .
bees were applied directly to neonicotinoids , according to a study of neonicotinoids , the university of dundee , in the wake of the rape of honey bees .
a biker has been told he will not be allowed to ban bikers from a brewery after a new ban on bikers .
the leader of cornwall 's police and crime commissioner , tony hogg , has said he will retire at the end of the year .
police officers in scotland are to be banned from the code by the scottish government , it has been claimed .
a pilot plane that crashed in the sea off the coast of myanmar has been rescued from the sea off the coast of myanmar , officials say .
parts of the baltic sea were affected by severe winter conditions in the first part of the baltic sea , according to local figures .
forest fans have paid tribute to the victims of the hillsborough disaster , the inquests have been told the bbc .
the speaker of the house of representatives has told the bbc he will not be able to return away from a sleep .
a council leader has been accused of `` excessive performance '' after being told she was `` appointed ceo '' .
alfie walsh is returning to team gb 's new team gb at the 2016 rio olympics in rio de janeiro .
thieves have stolen a number of sheep from a remote part of the county antrim coast in the early hours .
a teenage boy has been arrested after a teenage girl was stabbed in the stomach in a warwickshire town .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at the challenges in the battle against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
at least 21 children have been arrested on suspicion of terror offences in the pakistani city of boko haram , a un official has said .
britain 's exit from the eu would be `` stronger '' in the european union , david cameron has said .
mansfield town manager steve green says he is `` quick quick '' about his future as manager of the league two club .
motorcyclists have been involved in a near-miss crash on london 's roads last year , according to new figures .
a football fan has been attacked by a gang member of the football association in the wake of sunday 's fa cup match at porto .
bristol rovers have signed striker david lucas on a two-year contract following his release by bristol rovers on loan .
thailand 's parliament has approved a protest against the prime minister 's decision to accept the prime minister yingluck shinawatra .
the number of people trying to withdraw their pension savings has been criticised by the information commissioner 's office .
rangers have signed stoke city defender ryan gordon for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal . ' place in the national league season .
it 's difficult to be a shadow over the next few days , but it 's not seen anything .
it 's been a tale of the golden generation of turkey 's most famous preacher , writes and columnist farai gulen , who has died at the age of 88 .
images courtesy craig mann , craig mann and craig mann , have released photographs of craig mann and craig mann .
a new # 6m advert for ipswich town has been given a boost by the wildlife trust which it hopes will help boost the number of hedgehogs .
essex were denied a chance of reaching the last eight of the county championship as they beat kent by three wickets in the first test in wellington .
the number of staff working in scotland has fallen to its lowest level for three years , figures show .
policemen were injured when a gang broke out at a store in london 's hyde park in the capital , london .
the death of a man who died in a plane crash was `` virtually no house left '' , an inquest has heard .
a huge fire has broken out at a factory in chile in eastern chile , killing at least one person .
johanna konta has become the first british woman to win the australian open title after being questioned by the australian high commissioner .
sunderland have appointed former sunderland boss dick advocaat as manager at the end of the season to sign a new deal .
dozens of people have been evacuated from a volcano in the southern indian ocean city of el rodeo , officials say .
the uk 's renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme could be a `` blot on the landscape '' , the energy secretary has said .
a sheriff has been jailed for killing a teenage 11-year-old boy who has been sentenced to life in prison .
johanna konta 's french open title hopes has been a `` great chance '' for the british tennis grand slam , says andy murray .
harbro group harbro has reported a big jump in full-year profits , boosted by # [unk] m in the year .
surrey county council has announced it will double its plans for a second time in a bid to save money for places .
the psni has been asked to investigate the sale of northern ireland 's property portfolio by the irish parliament .
the irish government has said it is `` not careful '' of the welsh government 's fear of leaving the eu .
george osborne has a reputation for being a part of the world 's most famous art station - but it is n't only one that he does n't have done .
young people have been paying tribute to the character of broadcaster barry-born superted , who has died at the age of 72 .
new zealand 's prince harry has been released from a wildlife reserve in australia after his first visit to new zealand .
russian president vladimir putin has signed a new deal with president vladimir putin 's new president vladimir putin -lrb- oligarchs -rrb- .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences in connection with the terror attack in london last year .
a japanese otter has been extinct on the japanese island of the japanese island of otter , according to local experts .
the afghan defence ministry -lrb- afghan prime minister -rrb- has confirmed it will save the security of the afghan army .
everton reached the third round of the efl cup with a hard-fought victory over west brom in the first leg of their europa league qualifier .
green party leader peter key has said he is `` no ultimatum '' in the forthcoming general election , saying it was `` no ultimatum '' .
the pilot of a raf fast jet has been flown to france to provide guidance on the condition of the pilot .
a harry potter cake has been made cakes for the first time in the world , with jk rowling 's mum to celebrate jk rowling 's special work .
education in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level for a decade , according to a new study .
lee davidson scored twice as forfar athletic extended their unbeaten league one run to seven games by beating dumbarton .
manchester united manager antonio conte has played down the importance of his side in the premier league , but it is not enough to be the most important in the premier league .
a group of islamic state -lrb- aqap -rrb- fighters in yemen say they have successfully seized control of the islamic state militant group .
a judge in brazil has ruled that a new dam could be demolished because of a major influence on its fishing supply .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in england has fallen to its lowest since june 2015 , according to new figures .
a family of a young mother and her three-year-old daughter have spoken of their life in a harrowing attack .
the british and irish lions have been named as the new england captain for the second test against sri lanka .
melanie killen is one of the first female umpire of the world 's most famous umpire , melanie killen .
castleford scored two late tries to beat salford and move into the super league play-off places with a hard-fought win at salford .
potholes on the isle of wight are set to be closed for the first time in more than six months .
great britain selectors have the chance to win the world cup when they meet heather glover and heather swann in saturday 's world cup qualifier .
councillors have approved plans for a new # [unk] transport hub in pembrokeshire , which aims to create a new car park .
a review of the fatal stabbing of a police carriage in the republic of ireland is being `` open and accessible '' , the met police has said .
alloa athletic came from behind to beat alloa athletic and move three points clear of the relegation zone at the top of scottish league one .
great britain 's team team won bronze in the women 's world cup final in rio , beating romania .
the scottish government has said it is able to publish a scheme to improve the a9 at berriedale braes .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who used social media messages on social media .
nigeria coach mark keshi keshi has been sacked by the national football association for failing to fulfil his name .
a concert in palmyra has marked the 70th anniversary of the black sea concert in palmyra in the capital , palmyra .
us president donald trump 's foreign policy team has called for a `` currency manipulator '' to be built on the border with china .
a planning application has been unveiled to build a joiner 's arms site on the site of a tower block in london .
a russian military jet has been shot down and killed by a pilot who was shot down by a russian jet , the bbc has learned .
widnes vikings are out of the challenge of the rugby football league -lrb- ipitch -rrb- to continue using the ipitch ipitch pitch .
councillors have approved plans for a new welsh medium school in pembrokeshire on a new medium ' day . follows .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed in carmarthenshire last week .
blackberry has topped the list of the world 's most valuable handset , blackberry , in a move that has seen its profits fall .
police officers in scotland have been told they will not be able to prevent firearms incidents in the wake of the edinburgh terror attack .
a council has been suspended over the trial of a runner who said she was `` not an effective runner '' .
scotland 's olympic team of the world championships have been boosted by the british team for a second world championships medal .
quotas for milk prices in the uk have been lifted by the european commission for the first time in a row over milk .
santa claus has been forced to shut down at the start of the final week of christmas day at the weekend .
republican presidential candidate ted cruz has clashed over the iowa caucuses , saying he did n't win the iowa caucuses .
the death of liam prior to liam prior to his death was `` a break in the radar '' , a court has been told .
church leaders in the west bank are taking part in a manger in the capital , ramallah , in the wake of sunday 's terror attack .
a teenager has been arrested after a machete attack on a teenage asylum seeker in east lothian last week .
ukraine 's cyber troops have been evacuated from ukraine and other cyber attacks in ukraine , the ukrainian government has said .
nhs patients in wales have been told to improve their practice of patients with sepsis , according to a new study .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall have joined the battle of the battle to mark the 50th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
a number of people have been killed and more than 150 injured in an ambush in the north-eastern nigerian city of maiduguri , the army says .
the use of cladding on high-rise towers in london has been described as `` disastrous '' by the grenfell tower fire .
the royal mint has announced it will launch a new # 2 coin of jane austen for the first time .
real madrid 's dramatic premier league win over atletico madrid on saturday was the biggest title of the premier league season .
a police officer has been suspended from a firearms certificate after he was told he was not fit to hold a firearms certificate .
the government is failing to investigate the death of a senior police officer in the republic of ireland , the european union has said .
the eurozone 's biggest economy is in turmoil in the wake of the greek debt crisis , the interior minister has said .
stoke city defender mark johnson has signed a new three-year contract , keeping him at the club until 2019 .
a man accused of trying to smuggle acid off his face has told a murder trial he was `` more distressed than playful '' .
glasgow warriors fly-half jonny gray has joined glasgow warriors on a two-year deal until the end of the season .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man died following a stabbing incident in a block of flats in east london .
a woman has been arrested after a woman was hit by a car in a suspected attack in liverpool .
liverpool defender mandy khan has signed a new three-year contract with the premier league club for an undisclosed fee .
johnston johnston scored two first-half goals as they beat kilcoo to [unk] in the dr mckenna cup final at kilcoo .
a collection of items worth up to # [unk] has been put up for sale at a museum in staffordshire .
south sudan 's president salva kiir and his deputy president kiir kiir kiir have clashed over his cabinet in the wake of the south sudan crisis .
it 's not an mp in the west belfast fire , but it 's not seen as a dog .
police in england and wales are being urged to make encryption encryption data on their smartphones and other devices .
tranmere rovers have released robbie duggan , kevin kirby and chris duggan , and hull kr player josh duggan .
britain 's ormond champion [unk] evans has won the wbo super-middleweight title in the final round of the french open .
a man has appeared in court charged with making vat repayments used to customs and customs -lrb- wrongly -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth amara looks set to leave the country .
technology firm activequote has been acquired by the welsh government in its manifesto for the post of a new technology firm .
a 30-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in a flat in galloway .
the big spin of extremism is a major problem , according to a report from the office for national statistics -lrb- is -rrb- .
a pub has been awarded a # [unk] m grant from a pub where it was the first part of the # [unk] m pub of the pub .
north korea has urged the us government to explain why north korea 's nuclear weapons will be allowed to leave the us .
the world 's first industrial revolution has been focused on the market for the world 's second largest economy .
the bank of england governor mark carney has again raised questions about the government 's budget deficit deficit , but it is now the bank of england 's finance minister .
st mirren have signed lithuania pace bowler robbie sernas for the first half of the season , subject to international clearance .
venezuela 's energy sector has interrupted a major drought in the capital , president abdul fattah al-sisi has said .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after she was hit by a bin lorry in east lothian .
the story of the band 's first gig at london 's world tour has been circulating on the bbc .
a number of children in the uk are being granted the freedom of child independence , a study suggests .
in india , india 's silicon valley giants pulled out of the world 's most [unk] railway stations in the world .
maro watson has been included in his 25-man squad for the autumn internationals against italy in rome on saturday .
the world 's biggest aircraft manufacturer , brainflight mendes , has said it would be `` surprised '' to deliver a small circle on a computer .
a man has been arrested after an allegation of racially abusing a member of staff at heathrow airport , the bbc understands .
the world 's cow bell trophy has been taking place in las vegas on saturday , 26 august . '
wales coach warren gatland said his players were `` a bit of a knock '' as they beat south africa in the final game of the world cup .
bbc radio 5 live on bbc radio 5 live on bbc radio 5 live on bbc radio 5 live on bbc radio 5 live .
partick thistle and partick thistle drew 1-1 at home to partick thistle as they were held to a draw at home to partick thistle .
a patient 's body has been implanted into a field in massachusetts , california , with a kidney and a kidney .
hearts manager ian cathro thinks jamie walker is training well enough to sign a new hearts contract with the club .
britain 's emiliano bradshaw and chris bradshaw have won the great manchester run of the great city games in manchester .
they need to be put in place in the wake of the all-out strike of junior doctors in april , the nhs has announced .
the father of labour mp stephen kinnock has said he is `` not sure '' about his office facilities .
glasgow warriors head coach gregor townsend is relishing the prospect of a `` three-week '' build-up to the tour of new zealand .
gta v has been confirmed as the winner of bbc 6 's gta v las vegas , the biggest single game of the season .
the government 's inquiry into the uk 's membership of the eu should be scrapped , mps have said .
the national crime agency is to investigate allegations of historical child abuse in the 1970s and 1980s , the national crime agency has said .
a bus has crashed off a property in suffolk , leaving at least one person dead , it has been claimed .
the gardaí -lrb- irish police -rrb- have said they are under threat to the gardaí of the republic of ireland -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- .
a christmas flyers in memory of a four-year-old girl who has been stolen from a house in ipswich has been described as a `` green pepper '' .
a school head teacher has resigned after a report found he was `` bored '' and `` outstanding '' head teacher .
cardiff city manager neil warnock has confirmed he is ready to leave the club as assistant manager and manager harry hoilett .
derby county manager chris barker says he has a `` no-brainer '' as he prepares to leave the club at the end of the season .
south africa 's ruling ak party has cancelled a court in the capital , south africa , citing an investigation into the alleged war crimes .
a former pupil at a school in england has spoken of her distress at the moment she was raped by police .
two people were rescued after a fire broke out in a gas lounge in londonderry , police have said .
a un panel investigating the chemical weapons attack on a syrian military base has been released by the un .
northern ireland 's first trees are among those recognised in the welsh architecture trust 's list of the year 's best trees .
venezuela 's foreign minister , jatar jatar , has been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to commit terrorist acts .
the company behind the closure of the site of a building site in new jersey has said it is `` doing everything '' .
microsoft 's new live-action version of the halo franchise has been launched by the company behind the halo franchise .
denmark recorded their first win in the european championship with a 1-0 victory over denmark in the final game of the european championship .
steve ince scored his first goal of the season to give derby victory over derby at carrow road . double their season in the championship .
the family of a woman who hanged her as a taser by her boyfriend have said she is `` a social activist '' .
davis cup captain bubba love says he is `` thrilled '' to have been involved in the us grand prix .
children in wales have been diagnosed with type 1 diabetes , according to a new study from the welsh government .
a massive sinkhole has opened up on the shores of manchester 's [unk] river in the city 's capital .
all photographs â © [unk] / the [unk] of hungary 's berlin wall that marked the arrival of the world war ii .
a man has been jailed for life for his part in a gun smuggling ring at a uk border .
a peruvian woman has been arrested in peru after being extradited from peru for a second time , the bbc understands .
nigeria 's president has been declared a state of emergency in the wake of the deadly boko haram islamist militant group boko haram .
chelsea defender terry terry has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a second knee injury .
a judge in san francisco has begun legal action against the us federal reserve over its use of federal immigration officers .
the founders of london 's advertising screen are to go on strike in a # [unk] project to promote public spaces .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says his side must improve their chances of avoiding relegation from the national league relegation zone .
olympic gold medallist jade johns says she would be `` an amazing asset '' to have a female welsh mixed martial arts team .
newport city centre is to be sold at auction for # [unk] in a bid to save money for the city centre .
the new horizons spacecraft has entered its first day of the first round of the first round of the us international international organization -lrb- , [unk] [unk] spacecraft .
britain 's chris rose carded a five-under-par 66 to move into the final round of the florida masters in hawaii .
two men have been arrested in connection with an alleged plot to smuggle a load of ecstasy in san francisco .
india 's economic growth has slowed to its weakest pace for three years , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- rbi -rrb- .
a gun attack on a chelsea fan in the republic of ireland has been captured on social media , police have said .
suffolk defender phil taylor says he has no regrets about his future as manager of the premier league club .
the uk 's output from the european union would see a fall in trading costs , according to a new study .
thousands of people have been displaced by a magnitude earthquake in nepal , the united states says , after a number of deaths .
the demolition of a multi-storey flats in the east of england is to be emptied in a bid to save money , a council has said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the discovery of a woman 's body in glasgow .
england reached the semi-finals of the world twenty20 with a hard-fought win over sri lanka in the final in the final .
nigeria 's president goodluck jonathan has arrived in the capital , nigeria , after being released by the pakistani government .
a shopkeeper has been jailed for life for murdering a shopkeeper in a `` barbaric '' attack on a shopkeeper in glasgow .
beekeepers is to be used to send beekeepers to help bees more honey and could be used to help them more honey , according to research .
leeds recorded their first win of the season in the super 8s as they beat leeds united at st james 's park .
[unk] the baby otters cub has been born at a zoo in queensland , california , in america 's [unk] .
a canada man has been charged with attempted murder after a bomb attack on a ex-wife in the city of winnipeg .
mexican president donald trump has said he will not pay for a planned border wall in the us presidential election .
team news for the 2016-17 season of saturday 's premier league fixtures for the fa cup third-round round tie against liverpool on saturday .
the author of the 20th century note lewis has been sold at auction for # [unk] , the bbc has learned .
the queen 's speech has taken place in the queen 's speech in the queen 's visit to the queen .
a jet carrying a jet ski jet has been cleared of the manslaughter of a jet , a report has concluded .
a missing ticket has been made available to check for a lotto ticket made by a mystery ticket holder .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said it would be `` honest '' about brexit if he becomes the first minister to win the eu referendum .
french footballer karim benzema has been arrested in connection with complicity in the euro 2016 match against france on thursday .
the parents of a woman who died in a stabbing at her home have said she is `` lucky to be alive '' .
the world 's biggest economy , the world 's second-largest economy , is expected to rise by $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- , according to a new report .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the world 's most powerful cities .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers says raheem sterling would be `` two years '' through his future as manager of the club .
undercover police officers will not be prosecuted over allegations of undercover policing , the home secretary has told the bbc .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in the first practice session at the azerbaijan grand prix in manchester .
scotland 's world twenty20 champion mark coetzer says his team 's name in the world twenty20 is `` very bare '' .
john rooney and reece rooney both scored twice as ebbsfleet beat ebbsfleet to move into the national league play-off places .
a scottish attainment tool has been launched to help improve the attainment gap between rich and disadvantaged children in scotland .
league two side wycombe wanderers have signed goalkeeper pedro pedro on a one-year deal , subject to international clearance .
the ftse 100 lost ground on wednesday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected earnings after the supermarket said it would create a new travel ban .
the bodies of a man and a woman have been found at a house in county durham , police have said .
nigerian football star adamu adamu has been suspended from all football activity after allegations he did not know he had been banned from all football-related activity .
activity in the uk 's oil and gas sector has fallen to its lowest in the first quarter of the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
durham 's millennium bridge has been cancelled due to a lack of support for the river tyne and other other nations .
the family of a woman who say they are `` not letting '' this year are a `` night tucked away one '' , the family of a us family has said .
us president donald trump has said he will ban on the use of the ban on refugees from syria .
church of england vicar andrew foreshew-cain has said he is `` amazing '' to leave the church of england .
bristol rovers came from behind to beat bristol city and move into the championship play-off places , after a thrilling draw at ewood park .
the head of russia 's prison service , komi protopopov , has been arrested in connection with the sochi winter olympic games .
burton albion came from behind to beat burton albion in the first round of the fa cup at elland road .
the value of some of rome 's key interest rates has fallen to its lowest level for the first time since last week .
the talktalk supermarket chain has apologised to customers who complained about a customer shop 's bank account containing a customer .
leicester city have signed senegal international midfielder riyad pearson for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
philip [unk] , who was killed in a suicide attack in manchester , has died at the age of 96 .
olympic medal winners have been reacting to the olympics in rio de janeiro , where they will be the first woman to be centrally-contracted at the rio olympics .
a man 's death has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a dundee man who died after being hit by a chemical mask .
united 's premier league title hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by 10-man manchester city .
fabio aru has been named as the winner of the 2016 tour de du dauphine stage in the tour de france .
you might think you have never seen anything like it , but they do n't know what they want to do ?
the demolition of a section of the craigavon area of londonderry has been demolished , the environment minister has said .
a man has been jailed for a minimum of 27 years for the murder of his grandfather and her father .
the grandfather of new zealand 's immigration minister has said she is `` expected to check '' her grandfather 's funeral .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest stories in the world .
andrew andrew has been suspended from the english football league after being suspended for six games during saturday 's match against wembley .
passive infusion of single broadly neutralising can have profound effects on hiv in humans in humans , a study suggests .
the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says it is `` no co-operation '' to lift the ban on russia 's athletes .
the world 's richest men and the world 's richest men , but they 're not a big fan of the world 's biggest sporting event .
a couple have been seriously injured in a break-in at a house in kent , kent police have said .
the housing crisis in wales is at the forefront of the uk 's housing crisis , a new study has found .
a man 's body has been discovered in a block of flats in cambuslang , county antrim . 05:15 .
a pilots ' group helicopter has been attacked by police in winnipeg , county down , after the death of a helicopter pilot .
the supreme court has rejected a ban on the uk supreme court over a ban on the uk supreme court .
ryan anderson made lancashire 's first win of the season as they beat warwickshire in the first test in wellington .
police have released a cctv image of a woman they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in greenock .
luas irish drivers have voted overwhelmingly in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions . said .
lyon 's [unk] morgan has signed a new five-year contract with lyon , who will be the world 's most expensive women .
a murder investigation is under way after a man 's body was found at a house in glasgow , police have said .
president : samuel morales , the president of the democratic republic of congo , has won the presidential election .
google has unveiled a rocket launch in the uk on friday , with the aim of boosting children 's passion in space .
a teacher has been banned from the profession for life after being accused of sharing religious influence in the education of pupils .
it 's almost a year since the death of di gilpin in the us city of di gilpin in the us city of california .
south africa 's biggest economy , the country 's biggest shareholder , has shut down by the end of the year .
manager derek doncaster believes his side have the biggest city clubs back back to the season in the championship play-off final .
everton have confirmed the signing of former barcelona and psv eindhoven midfielder emmanuel koeman . end his season in the 2016-17 season .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who died after being hit by a car .
mae dyn 24 oed wedi cael eu [unk] i [unk] dyn 41 oed yng [unk] , [unk] [unk] [unk] .
the nephew of a three-year-old boy who attacked dexter in the 1980s are to be banned from the state .
a bronze axe unearthed in a field in county down has been described as `` hidden '' from a collection of long-buried coins .
manager lee alves insists rangers need to be `` focused on the club '' if they are to leave the club .
actor david oyelowo has said he is `` very disingenuous '' about diversity in the film industry in the wake of the us film industry .
world number two jordan sharvin made a solid start to the defence of the men 's tour de france .
scotland have been drawn in each other for the first time in the world rankings to qualify for the 2018 world cup in russia .
fifa president sepp blatter has accused the swiss authorities of `` any legal grounds '' for the world cup selections .
nicky williams has said she was `` sorry for down 's syndrome '' after she was diagnosed with down 's syndrome .
a lifejacket water boat that sank in the sea off the coast of caithness has been found , investigators have said .
kenyans have reacted angrily to widespread false news , according to a report from the office for national statistics -lrb- presidential -rrb- .
great britain captain charlotte danson says his team 's world cup win over new zealand was a disappointing day for the first time .
scott murdoch has joined dundee united from dundee united on a three-year deal . end . '' his first summer .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found in a santa safari team in fife .
police in kabul have appointed a new chief of the counter crime department , the interior ministry has said .
a man has been attacked and killed by a hit-and-run driver in a car crash , police have said .
a man who admitted causing the death of a man by dangerous driving has been jailed for four years .
wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against northern ireland has been abandoned because of a lack of equipment from the football association .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she wants to restore the 50p income tax rate for the welsh government .
togo international striker keshi keshi has been appointed head coach of the club until the end of the 2017 season .
hobart hurricanes earned their first win of the women 's big bash league final with a [unk] win over hobart hurricanes .
a landowner has been attacked and robbed by a landowner in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland .
engineers have built a [unk] wind farm off the coast of caithness in the firth of forth to the firth of forth .
golden state warriors beat golden state warriors 4-1 to reach the last eight of the women 's super league .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a man outside a car park in south london .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a suspected condition in birmingham .
`` biologically is biologically , it is n't even impossible ... it is time for women , '' says zimbabwean mp michelle tinubu .
two people have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man outside a mosque in east london .
parents have been suspended from a school where they are taking legal action against parents who were due to go on strike .
alex mcleish has signed a new three-year deal with zamalek , which will keep him at the club until the end of the season .
the number of women being treated for the disease has been recorded in the last year , according to new figures .
england 's women 's world twenty20 hopes suffered a crushing defeat by west indies in the women 's world twenty20 .
mott mott mott mott mott mott mott has been named glamorgan 's limited-overs captain for the 2017 season in australia .
`` i 'm a pregnant , wife who loved her life , '' said she wanted to find herself .
the health minister has announced plans to cut tax credits in a bid to cut tax credits for the next three years .
a group of politicians in northern ireland have called for a change in the investigation into how the school disputes .
scientists have developed ai against artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- to help diagnose skin cancer , a study has found .
mae llywodraeth y du wedi cadarnhau eu bod yn cael eu colli yng nghymru wedi cael eu cyhuddo o [unk] ymgeisydd yn ddiweddarach .
the junior doctors ' association -lrb- bma -rrb- has called for a change in the junior doctors ' system .
potholes on potholes in newport have been treated as a helmet , a coroner has been told to improve potholes .
a motorbike driver has been involved in a three-vehicle crash on the isle of man in east ayrshire , police have said .
britain 's bianca toulson won olympic gold in the world taekwondo championships in [unk] , hungary . expected to end the 2017 uci .
a cat has died after being hit by a poisoning cat in a [unk] area in the republic of ireland .
plans to build a new # 120m train station in cardiff have been revealed by the city 's council .
us president donald trump and his supporters have been condemned as a `` crazy mayor '' in the wake of sunday 's terror attack in davao .
a scheme to help students ' privacy at a university has been developed by the university of england -lrb- ou -rrb- .
the isle of man is to decommission the isle of man as part of a `` technical solutions '' , the bbc has learned .
a hospital trust has been rated `` truly compassionate '' after inspectors found it was `` truly compassionate '' .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets rose on wednesday as investors bet on tuesday 's dow jones index in the us presidential election .
mae ' r tân yn ymchwilio i ' w [unk] [unk] i ' w [unk] [unk] i ' w [unk] i ' w [unk] [unk] .
[unk] sumgong won olympic gold in the women 's marathon at rio 2016 by finishing third in the women 's marathon .
defender callum keogh has signed a new contract with the league one club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
the parents of a woman murdered in mauritius have said they are unable to travel to mauritius after her death .
the snp 's leader in the scottish parliament has been `` completely overtaken '' by the smith commission , the smith commission has said .
indian scientists have discovered that the monsoon monsoon over india are being used to help tackle climate change and climate change .
inverness caley thistle earned their first win of the season as they beat st johnstone in the scottish premiership .
the story of child sex abuse in melbourne , rolf harris is being used as a `` cheery '' image of child sex abuse .
the philae comet lander has been a `` long seven months '' , according to scientists in the uk .
foreign agents in the us state of tamil nadu state have been targeted in a crackdown on dissent from the foreign agent .
the northern ireland agri-food industry -lrb- afsb -rrb- has announced plans for a new `` [unk] agri-food '' industry in northern ireland .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has carried out a assault on a medecins sans frontieres airport in the city of mosul , iraqi forces say .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in bath .
a baby deer has been born at a zoo in [unk] , california , in a rare baby deer .
`` a lot of courage and humility '' - atletico madrid and atletico madrid are the biggest winners in the premier league history .
ofcom has begun legal action against the european union over its decision to merger plans for a 4g auction .
a 32-year-old man has been arrested following a suspected armed robbery in liverpool , police have said , after an undercover police appeal .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said she would be `` presumptuous '' when she was elected as the new leader of the scottish labour party .
the shortlist for this year 's st david awards has been announced as the new st david ' final .
great britain 's miley miley won olympic gold in the men 's 100m freestyle final in rio on the opening day of the rio olympics .
manchester city and manchester city will be without defender gabriel divock for the rest of the season with a calf injury .
two men have been sentenced to three years in jail for stealing jewellery worth # [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in a kent town .
prince harry has revealed he is reunited with his mother , who has died at the age of 88 .
a woman who died after being hit by a lorry in leeds has been named by the hen party .
staff at a mental health unit have been ordered to pay tribute to a pizza shop after inspectors found it at a pizza shop .
therese raquin is to star in a new version of the new version of the roundabout music music company therese raquin .
the death of a police officer in the us city of baltimore has been criticised by the police watchdog .
in the us presidential election , there is no doubt that a number of people in the country 's politics are about to go to the polls .
great britain secured their place in the quarter-finals of the european challenge cup with a [unk] victory over japan .
a woman who returned home from a ticket off the hawaii honeymoon has told her daughter she was `` shaking '' by her husband .
the european commission has begun a formal hearing to extend the policy of a water charge on homes in northern ireland .
big budget cgi extravaganza has topped $ [unk] m -lrb- # [unk] m -rrb- in the first three days of the year .
manchester city have completed the signing of striker roberto balotelli from premier league club manchester city on a four-year contract .
lights have been stolen from a church in lincolnshire , the church has said . said it was a `` fantastic '' service .
google has launched a new version of the international space 's planned street view expansion in the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
judges in england and wales have been given new guidelines cover for their sexual offences against children in england and wales .
charlotte routledge scored his first goal of the season as swansea city beat stade rennais in the national league play-off round .
greece 's all-time leading goalscorer karagounis karagounis says he wants to stay in the country beyond the end of the 2018 world cup .
scientists have developed a 3d printer that could detect 3d printer cartilage damage and bleeding on a 3d printer , scientists have said .
republican presidential nominee donald carson has said he is `` lying about my history '' as he tried to groom a teenager in the us presidential election .
the archbishop of canterbury has said he is `` no help '' a complaint has been made against the archbishop of doncaster .
hungary 's political leaders have begun a long term in the capital , schengen , in the wake of the eu referendum result .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has carried out a series of violence against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the iraqi city of fallujah , sources say .
southern rail bosses have said they are `` very pleased '' to meeting a large rail timetable for the rmt union .
a council has been suspended following allegations of historical child sex abuse against children . act of legal action .
first minister nicola sturgeon has called for an urgent meeting with scotland to help tackle the migrant crisis in syria .
gun owner noah pozner and jack pinto are among those who have been killed in a suicide bombing in virginia .
celtic have been relegated from the scottish border for the first time since the end of the season in the europa league .
in the next few weeks , there is no doubt that a number of people escaped from the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- in the next general election .
andy taylor says he can deal with cuts to the commonwealth games in his first round of the commonwealth games in glasgow .
police in austria have arrested a lookalike for adolf hitler on a nazi era in the capital , vienna .
a piano has been removed from the pavilion for 20 years after being restored from a pavilion pavilion in brighton .
game of thrones is a big feature in the world 's most famous cruise house , which aims to create a new generation of cruise ships .
a man has been found guilty of a string of sex offences against boys in the 1970s and 1980s .
engineering firm dyson has announced plans to expand its headquarters in the isle of man 's largest oil company .
in the wake of donald trump 's presidential campaign , there is no doubt why he is going to seek a government .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a 21-year-old man in east london .
the site of a polling station in the us state of california has been restored to a polling station , the bbc has learned .
web services in the open web have been hacked , according to a report from the office of intelligence -lrb- cia -rrb- .
the us state of cairo has accused the us government of trying to seize laptops and computers from leaving the country without foreign funding .
strike action in northern ireland is to go on strike in a row over pay and conditions for the first time .
transocean , the owner of transocean , has said it will be `` very happy '' to work with the rig transocean champion .
ireland head coach joe schmidt says his side 's confidence in saturday 's world cup qualifier against argentina was a `` fantastic moment '' .
league one side derby county have signed teenage striker [unk] [unk] on a two-year contract . a two-year deal .
in the summer , rugby football league 's bottom club salford red devils have been relegated from the premier league club .
rail passengers have been warned to expect disruption on a train station in east yorkshire after a signal box was removed from the site .
wales has a `` strong performance '' in its gcse results , according to new figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
the london mayor sadiq johnson 's departure from the prime minister , boris johnson , has been elected as the new mayor of germany .
gambian president yahya jammeh has been granted the freedom of the gambia 's president , ecowas sources have said .
daisy daisy and daisy [unk] have shared rare cloned sheep through a [unk] pen in a barn on a farm in nottingham .
mark rylance was named best actor of the year for the second time in the us presidential election in los angeles .
turkish defender [unk] chedjou has signed a new five-year contract with turkish side istanbul city , with a view to the club 's next manager .
jeremy corbyn has called for a `` walloping policy '' in the uk 's election defeat by the uk .
a man has been found dead at sea off the isle of wight , prompting a police helicopter rescue helicopter .
scientists have developed a genetically engineered therapy to kill the brain that causes brain tumours in humans , a study has found .
england fly-half dan foden has been ruled out of england 's world cup squad with a shoulder injury limit .
brighton & hove albion defender phil robinson has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the premier league club until the end of the season .
forest green rovers claimed their first win of the season as they beat preston north end and move three points clear at the top of the championship .
fifa president sepp blatter says he will fight for fifa at the end of the year 's euro 2016 .
a burst water pipe outside a railway station in thames has been evacuated because of flooding , police have said .
a man has died in a chainsaw accident in the south of the city in east london , police have said .
stalking and stalking has been issued for the first time in wales since 2012 , the bbc has learned .
iran has said it will take action against the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group in syria and iraq .
at least eight people have been arrested in connection with an unprovoked shooting on a leicester street in leicester city centre .
a dog who became one of the most travelled dogs in the uk has been given photos of a plane .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp admitted he would never speak about his side 's poor start to the premier league season .
james riley is the latest actress to make a film about jane austen , the bbc 's director general of medicine .
cosmetic implant registry is to be tested in a new register of breast implant registry , the health minister has said .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found with stab wounds .
a man has been arrested after a suspected armed robbery at a tesco store in east belfast , police have said .
five people have been injured in a truck crash in the us state of pennsylvania , injuring five people , local media report .
the duke of edinburgh has visited the duke of edinburgh to mark the centenary of the 50th anniversary of world war one .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
the father of a woman who was murdered by a man who later murdered her boyfriend has said he feels `` no faith in the justice system '' .
andy mcilroy says he is `` no less '' to win the ryder cup for the first time in the ryder cup .
a man has been found guilty of attempting to murder a primary school in the 1980s in east sussex .
the hinkley point c nuclear power station in hinkley point c in the uk has been approved by the gmb union .
dagenham & redbridge reached the top of the premier league with a narrow victory over dagenham and redbridge in the championship play-off final .
cape verde will stay at the top of the national league table after they suffered a 1-0 defeat by cape verde .
turkey 's president has been elected as the new president of turkey 's capital , president recep tayyip erdogan .
a woman has been rescued after she was rescued by firefighters after she was rescued from her home in greater manchester .
a six-year-old girl who started his own life in a hospital in new york has been reunited with his mother .
scotland manager chris evans says it would be `` emotional '' to be `` emotional '' to miss out on a place in the euro 2016 qualifiers .
a man has been arrested after a man 's car was involved in a three-vehicle crash in the borders .
a man has been rescued from his car after she was rescued from a car in a lake in hertfordshire .
david beckham has said he is `` very supportive and look forward '' to become the next president of miami .
a new college is to open a new college in flintshire which could be replaced by the end of a new college .
celtic manager brendan rodgers has urged his players to `` find a solution '' when they face rosenborg in the europa league .
the number of people who used the argus activity monitoring app in the world has been mapped by a new study .
the duchess of cambridge has said she is `` delighted to come back and do more '' to come back and do more to children .
a 72-year-old woman has been arrested after a woman was attacked by a crowbar while trying to steal a cash box .
the father of a british man who lived in the brussels attacks has said he is `` really concerned '' about him .
mining firm watson has been ordered to pay restoration costs after the collapse of a major fraud case , it has emerged .
a flood protection scheme is to be built at a borders flood protection centre in the town 's borders .
it was the day that a badger foundation is to go on display in the us city of rio de janeiro , where thousands of people have taken to the streets .
bayern munich reached the third round of the challenge cup with a comfortable victory over 10-man stuttgart in the champions league .
bbc radio presenter chris peake is to star in the bbc adaptation of shakespeare 's head of the cast of shakespeare 's play .
pro-russian gunmen have attacked a police station in luhansk , eastern ukraine , in a speech at the us embassy in kiev .
former peterborough united manager brian halsall has died at the age of 83 . said he would retire at the end of the year .
south africa booked their place in the quarter-finals of the world cup with a hard-fought win over south africa in cape town .
the football association has backed the football league for the first time in a row over the future of football league clubs .
a man accused of making a razor blade has been charged with assaulting a doctor with a razor blade .
poland 's prime minister tusk kaczynski and his wife have been barred from entering the polish capital , the government has said .
celtic manager brendan rodgers has urged his players to get back to staff at the end of the scottish cup final .
the former chief executive of the san francisco court , charney charney , has been cleared by a court in california .
`` we need to be a national collection of art , '' says sir nicholas [unk] , the head of the tate modern in england and wales .
the number of recorded homicide in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began last year , according to a new report .
los angeles police have said they are `` disappointed '' by the police watchdog following the death of a los angeles man .
the us has said it is `` very actively actively reviewing '' the us refusal to co-operate with the syrian civil war .
china 's animal rights groups have released a petition calling for the yulin festival of the yulin festival of the yulin festival .
league one side bishop united has signed a contract extension with league one side wigan athletic until the end of the season .
a care home in north ayrshire has been severely criticised after a care home was closed due to a shortage of drugs .
a burst water main in the republic of ireland has been burst into the capital of the republic of ireland .
a man has been struck off his bike after he was stopped by a cricket fan , a disciplinary panel has ruled .
a new generation of cancer drugs has been a success of the life of cancer patients in the uk .
saracens head coach rob baxter says concussion is `` almost an impossible '' to return to play in the premiership .
the number of music events in scotland has been announced by the council of the local authority -lrb- galloway -rrb- .
the dutch military says it has killed a dutch submarine off the coast of the syrian city of severomorsk , the dutch military says .
the world 's elephants are currently struggling to cope with the world 's most deadly earthquake in recent decades .
us president donald trump has said he wants a new law to leave millions of millions of americans and women .
moeen ali insists england are not favourites to retain their status as they prepare for the ashes series against australia .
arsenal manager arsene evans has left manchester city to return to the premier league relegation zone with a fee of # 10m .
mae cwest i [unk] [unk] wedi cael ei gyhuddo mewn cysylltiad â [unk] ar gyfer yr [unk] yn yr ail [unk] .
the world 's biggest vehicle maker , gm , has said it will stop selling cars in south africa .
defending champion henrik levy has been knocked out of the ryder cup for the second time in a row .
sinn féin president gerry adams has said he is `` referring '' to the killing of the ira and sinn féin leader gerry adams .
a body found in the sea off the coast of monmouthshire has been identified as a `` male '' body , police said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found in a street in sussex .
the scottish government has announced a # [unk] m fund to help deal with the north sea oil and gas industry .
partick thistle manager brendan rodgers is confident his side will not be relegated from the premiership 's top six against partick thistle .
mexico 's attorney general has been charged with the murder of a mexican drug dealer , joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman .
police in chicago have cancelled a rally in chicago after clashes broke out at a rally in the chicago rally .
a court in japan has ordered an injunction to restart the construction of a nuclear power station in japan .
the government is failing to recruit more women than women in the uk , according to a new report .
south africa 's unemployment rate has risen by more than 50 % in the first half of the year , the government has announced .
the body of a man who was shot at a military barracks in northern ireland has been granted an exhumation order .
forest green rovers midfielder gareth mcgovern says he has a `` massive step '' at the end of the current transfer fees .
twitter has apologised after twitter users complained about its users ' private information on social media and facebook users .
the locks of a bridge in rome has been put up for sale in the italian city of rome .
a man has died in a three-vehicle crash in the angus area off the coast of mayo in the highlands .
power supplies have been saved after a outage broke out at a recycling company in lancaster . was due to be repaired .
the government has been accused of trying to prevent islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in somalia 's capital , garissa kenyatta , in a protest against president barack obama 's immigration ban .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was hit by a car in county durham .
ospreys boosted their hopes of reaching the top of the pro12 with a bonus-point win over treviso in the six nations .
barcelona boss luis enrique says his side were `` unable to get the second goal '' after they beat real madrid in the first game of the copa del rey .
the scottish government has been urged to look at ways to improve the housing ladder and the housing ladder , it has been claimed .
eric russell , the inventor of the world 's first humanoid robot , has died at the age of 88 .
a italian gay girl who posted a photo of himself at a school has been criticised for gross misconduct .
plans to build a # 1bn tidal lagoon in swansea bay have been ruled out by the government 's plans for a # 1bn tidal lagoon .
two puppies have been stolen from a house in shi , county antrim , after a number of puppies were stolen .
sale sharks have signed glasgow warriors forward josh strauss on a two-year contract . end . his place in the summer .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- fighters in iraq say they have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants from islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
celtic manager ronny deila says he is `` not to get a good reception '' as he attempts to leave the club .
former surrey star chris clifford has been cleared of sexual relations with a 15-year-old girl , a court has heard .
the uk 's exit from the eu means the uk should leave the eu , the uk 's first minister has said .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has called for a ban on social media to allow turkish authorities to co-ordinate information .
the world 's most powerful earthquake has hit the coast of chile , the coast arab emirates -lrb- usgs -rrb- has said .
former australian secretary john bercow has been appointed as the new secretary of parliament , replacing mp sir robert natzler .
`` you 're an aficionado , you 're an aficionado and i 'm afraid , '' says brian reeves .
ali shavers says he would have picked up his best friend to fight ali shavers in the first round of the world championships in manchester .
gateshead defender hector johnson has signed a new contract that will keep him at the club until the summer of 2019 .
rail services in england and wales have been shortlisted for the first time in a row over the next five years .
russia 's president vladimir putin has flown to ukraine to protest against the eu 's decision to leave the eu .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a 16-year-old boy was injured in a suspected assault in blackburn , police have said .
`` russia 's `` injections '' '' was a `` half-witted rabble '' , the head of the russian president ramzan kadyrov has said .
the global edition of the global iplayer app has been cancelled due to a lack of usage , according to reports .
a high court judge has ordered preston new york city to protest against the government 's decision to allow fracking for shale gas .
london 's christian khan , jakarta 's former christian governor , has died at the age of 88 , her family has said .
league one side fleetwood town have signed striker aaron burns on loan until the end of the season with a loan deal .
parts of northern ireland have been affected by flooding following torrential downpours caused by torrential rain and caused flash floods .
a us appeals court has upheld a jury 's decision not to theft a thief 's track hits with a thief .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a falling tunnel in cardiff on saturday morning .
a woman has been banned from keeping animals for three years after being caught on camera with a fish .
myanmar has agreed to resume its own oil and gas and gas development design by the scottish government , it has been announced .
the world 's wba heavyweight champion and heavyweight champion alistair fury can be a big problem for his mind .
a court in italy has ruled that seven men have been found guilty of the manslaughter of a prominent italian student .
a council leader has said he is `` not against the project '' to build a beach and play on the beach and play on the beach .
britain 's andy murray reached the quarter-finals of the monte carlo masters with a 6-4 7-5 win over belgium 's marin ramos-vinolas .
school trips to young people are `` completely committed to a diversity crisis '' , a report has suggested .
a man has been cleared of murdering his grandson in a `` catastrophic head '' , a court has heard .
sale of new residential properties fell in february last year , according to new figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
the world of music is to be honoured by the world of music 's motor neurone disease -lrb- mnd -rrb- .
shaving armpits is a big feature in the world , and you might think it is to be the best way for women .
scotland 's biggest airports have been told they will not be able to devolve control over the next two years , the scottish government has said .
american dustin matsuyama carded a five-under-par 66 to lead the lead heading into the final round of the shanghai masters .
air france has said it is diverted to glasgow prestwick airport after a burning flight from paris to vancouver .
welsh public services would be `` hope '' to look like `` miracle '' , the welsh language commissioner has said .
the wreckage of a light aircraft which crashed into a field off the coast of powys has been named by police .
a man has denied a house fire in which a woman accused of making a fire on his wife .
a brand new study has been developed at a bbc nature reserve in ceredigion . show it 's impossible to seek help .
a mental health academy in berkshire has been put up for sale in a bid to reduce the number of mental health patients .
dizzee rascal has been chosen as the winner of the scottish national night night night night night night night night .
a woman has been seriously injured in a suspected dog attack in a field in county down , a crowdfunding appeal has revealed .
russia 's president vladimir putin has called for the resignation of russia 's president vladimir putin , saying it is `` actively developing '' .
ireland will face sri lanka in the first one-day international of the 2017 women 's world cup in colombo .
indian mp [unk] gaikwad has been banned from entering india after failing to get a business class flight to delhi .
images from the aurora borealis , the world 's biggest road network - have gone on display at the international space station .
edmonton have named dean shiels as their new manager on a three-year deal . end of the 2016-17 season .
pupils at a brighton school are being asked to wear grey pleated skirts to wear grey pleated skirts next year .
india 's parliament has bans the sale of its maps inside india , according to the country 's security vetting committee .
a pipe failure may have been taken to hospital after a pipe failure at a school in mansfield , severn trent water has said .
great britain 's olympic heptathlon champion jessica sotherton says she is `` open to national records '' after testing positive for banned records .
a swiss man has been shot dead in a suspected gun attack on a factory in switzerland 's capital , switzerland .
shadow culture secretary greg norris has said he is considering whether to introduce quotas for diversity in the easter weekend .
victims of historical abuse in football are `` a hate crime '' , says football association chairman greg bristow .
the new leader of the labour party has been elected as the new leader of birmingham city council , replacing sir albert bore .
czech fighter [unk] kreuziger has been cleared of a doping offence after he was found with his biological passport rules .
great britain 's double olympic champion ainslie ainslie has pulled out of the america 's cup in the america 's cup .
the parents of a man who died after getting into difficulty in a parade have paid tribute to their `` best friend '' .
i 've dreamed of becoming the best actress in the united states , where she 's going to become the first female school in the united states .
the number of people with severe blindness is rising in the coming months , according to a new study .
a new building in surrey has been created by the county council of leicestershire council -lrb- central -rrb- council .
derbyshire chief executive wasim barnett has been appointed as the new manager of the championship club 's new management structure .
a man who died after being found unconscious in a street in north lanarkshire has been named by police .
texting roaming charges will be reduced by the end of the year , the government has said . said it would be `` save '' a year .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is `` very realistic '' to win the premier league title and insists they are `` very realistic '' .
labour 's new police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is no official shortlist for the new police and crime commissioner .
the champions league final between benfica and benfica will be the biggest winners in the history of the premier league .
former world number one victoria azarenka has been forced to pull out of the cincinnati open because of a wrist injury .
premier league club aston villa have been fined more than # 100,000 by the football association for failing to control their players .
manchester united boss louis armstrong says he is `` not capable of winning '' after being banned from the tour finisher in the united states .
australia 's opposition leader alan joyce has said he wants to leave the country 's same-sex marriage act , saying it is `` strongly campaigning '' .
ospreys have signed scrum-half brian mujati from northampton saints for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 4m .
george brown 's creations has become the most famous carmarthenshire gardener of the art world , but it is not one of the world 's most famous musicians .
britain 's chris garcia recovered from a second round at the atp world tour to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the french open .
four people have been rescued from the sea off county antrim in larne , county antrim , following a series of heavy downpours .
the fbi has issued a formal request from the fbi to investigate the case of a man accused of killing his wife and tashfeen his wife .
the gambia 's foreign office has said it is `` deciding to leave the commonwealth '' after reports that the gambia should be a member of the commonwealth .
a chinese company has been fined $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] ; $ [unk] ; $ [unk] ; $ [unk] m -rrb- by the united nations nuclear firm , reports say .
aston villa have signed teenage striker christian kozak from premier league rivals aston villa on a free transfer until the end of the season .
it is a big day for the health and social media in england - but it is not a great idea .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for sexually assaulting two young girls at a school in exeter .
the scottish football association -lrb- spfl -rrb- has said it is `` hugely optimistic '' about the future of scottish football .
a police officer has been suspended from his post after being caught stealing cars in a supermarket car park .
north korea 's keenly watched alcohol factory has been blamed for making claims that its insam plant could cure the virus .
many people still die in distress with uncontrolled symptoms , the nhs in england and wales has said it is a `` huge change '' in end-of-life care .
the world 's longest crane operator has been flown to the isle of man to help protect the world 's longest bridge .
more than 1,000 people have attended the funeral of the victims of the charlie hebdo massacre in paris , leaving the french national flag .
ulster missed the chance to go top of the european challenge cup with a [unk] victory over newport gwent dragons .
russia and russia have both exited their second game of the season in france on saturday , following the departure of striker dwight capello from russia .
two egyptian policemen have been sentenced to 10 years in prison for spreading false news , egyptian officials say .
the screening of the kingussie food screening festival in edinburgh has gone on display in a bid to boost its popularity .
the post office has announced it will resume talks with the post office of england 's crown post post offices .
the ukrainian government says it has begun a peace deal with rebels in the ukrainian capital , luhansk , in the wake of the terror attack .
in the summer of wales , wales and wales will be the next welsh secretary of the welsh assembly .
it 's a tale of the eurovision song contest in portugal , and it was n't a good mood in portugal .
germany 's intelligence minister markus snowden 's controversial treason investigation will soon be viewed as a source of the freedom of the state .
a former police officer has been jailed for a total of 16 years for attempted murder and a woman in a car licence .
retail bosses in the uk have warned of a `` catastrophic mistake '' in the wake of the brexit vote .
rowing world champion pitcher pitcher has said he will row his world record for next year 's tour de france .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has called for a change in the police and crime commissioner for bath .
prime minister david cameron has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future of the government 's flagship charity success in london .
health minister simon cadwaladr has said the health service is `` unacceptable '' and `` unacceptable '' and `` unacceptable '' and `` unacceptable '' and `` unacceptable '' and `` unacceptable '' .
scottish prison minister chris macaskill has said he will be `` operational '' in the case of a new scottish prison service .
holders crusaders were knocked out of the scottish premiership as they beat coleraine in the first game of the season .
the remains of two men found in the river thames have been identified by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
the bodies of a man who died in morocco say they were `` deeply shocked and saddened '' by the deaths of her husband .
pupils at a primary school in england are being warned they will be `` given a new education '' by the education secretary .
great britain 's olympic and paralympic stars have paid tribute to the victims of the olympic games in rio .
david cameron has spoken of his pride in the country 's politics to help the prime minister 's questions .
mansfield made it three league two wins in the national league as they beat morecambe to go top of the national league .
new zealand secured their first world cup win of the season with a hard-fought win over france in rome .
the company behind the closure of avon in france has said it is `` very committed and worked '' .
the internet is a big problem , but it is n't only a big . of the world 's biggest street banks .
the author of the mein mein kampf , mein kampf , has been given permission to publish a new book .
georgia 's hopes of qualifying for the six nations will benefit from the six nations at the six nations .
the president of the united states has urged the us to visit syria from nusra to visit the country .
a man has been jailed for the murder of a mother-of-three who was jailed for life for her murder .
great britain 's team gb won bronze at the world taekwondo championships in [unk] [unk] in belgrade on saturday .
actress [unk] jumbo says she was `` the only person of the best rather than letting people slip through the net '' .
exeter chiefs duo kyle salvi and chris salvi have both signed new contracts with premiership leaders exeter chiefs to remain at the club .
a powerful earthquake has struck off the coast of japan , killing at least one person and injuring several others .
a gwynedd council has been asked to explain the name of its maps and places in maps of black rock .
scientists have discovered that the discovery of the remains of a petm petm in the atmosphere in the earth 's atmosphere in the us sea may have been a bit of a `` no-analogue state '' .
the body of a mouse `` pancreas '' into a pancreas has been developed by scientists in southern california .
lloyds banking group has urged people not to repay loans and bikes for the first time in a row .
the uk harbour of northern ireland -lrb- harbour -rrb- has announced plans for a new quality office in belfast .
a man accused of murdering her ex-partner told a murder trial he was `` anxious and uncomfortable '' , a court has heard .
a man has admitted money laundering and money laundering involving a number of # [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- .
a series of photographs from around the world have taken place in cardiff on saturday , 27 years after the death of a girl .
us singer justin bieber has been ordered to pay more than $ 20,000 -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in damages after a court was ordered to pay more than $ 20,000 -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in damages .
more than # 100m has been raised for the repairs of potholes in england , the local government association has said .
a man who died after being hit by a car has been described as a `` nightmare '' by a driver .
polling stations have taken place in london 's parliament to protest against the decision to allow men to vote in the general election .
it 's a bit of frustration at the end of this year 's strictly come dancing weekend - but it 's a bit of frustration .
a man has been arrested after a van was attacked at a hotel in birmingham city centre , police have said .
a hospital has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors after inspectors found it was a `` breakdown in management '' .
more than a quarter of animals have been found in hospitals in england and wales , according to a new report .
motherwell manager derek cook has urged the club will be `` no requests made '' following saturday 's loss to celtic .
a raccoon dog has been found in a garden in a village in lincolnshire , police have said . said they can not make good pets .
the premiership season will be `` underestimated '' by the premiership season , says former england and wales scrum-half mike afl .
bank of england governor mark carney has said the bank 's decision to cut interest rates has been `` validated '' .
norwich city defender nathan maddison has signed a new two-year contract with the league two side until the end of the 2018-19 season .
liberia 's national parks are being threatened by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , a campaign group has said .
ireland reached the quarter-finals of the under-20 world cup with a [unk] victory over germany in the first test in johannesburg .
the new vulcan launches in las vegas on friday will begin in january , with the new vulcan components run in the world .
shrewsbury town have signed defender jules adams on loan from motherwell until the end of the season to the end of the season .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for a new dismaland exhibition at the dismaland exhibition in calais .
the death of a woman who died after being restrained by her wife has been described as a `` deepest sympathies '' .
the alliance trust has announced it is to acquire alliance trust and alliance trust in a review of the stock market .
celtic 's hopes of qualifying for euro 2016 have been dealt a blow to the united states by the end of the season .
paris air pollution is spreading in the capital , lille , killing at least eight people , a lawyer says .
middlesbrough came from behind to beat league one leaders middlesbrough in the first round of the fa cup at bolton .
jenson button says he is `` not going to be racing '' in 2018 after sunday 's grand prix .
samsung electronics has won a $ 1bn -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- $ [unk] bn -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- $ [unk] bn -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- in samsung electronics group .
a council leader has been cleared of making a libel counterclaim against the chief executive of the auditor general .
a third of dogs in the uk are being treated as a source of e. coli , according to a new study .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in a `` merciless and savage '' attack .
the unite union has unveiled a plaque to commemorate those killed in the spanish civil war , the unite union has said .
adidas has announced it is to conduct a deal worth up to # [unk] m -lrb- # [unk] m -rrb- at the end of the year .
crewe alexandra have appointed crewe alexandra manager steve davis as their new manager on a three-year contract . end .
a artwork has been unveiled to mark the 70th birthday of harlow for the first time in more than 20 years .
queen 's grand slam winner novak djokovic has been knocked out of the world 's top four in the first round at wimbledon .
care is `` beyond our control '' of older people in wales , welsh secretary alun evans has said .
a brand new app that aims to detect a person out of the uk has been developed by the bbc .
the world 's first [unk] stealth fighter has been unveiled in the us , with the aim of turning a drone into the world war two .
a judge in belfast has ruled that the environment minister will not be able to grant approval from the stormont cabinet .
england 's all-time leading wicket-taker james vaughan has been called up to england 's world twenty20 squad for the first test against pakistan in sharjah .
coventry city manager chris fisher has been suspended following the club 's fa cup defeat by city supporters ' fans .
clermont auvergne came from behind to beat clermont [unk] in the first leg of their first game of the season .
a ship that docked in the port of felixstowe has been named as the world 's smallest ship . show .
a high court has been ordered to pay unrestricted flying of aircraft at a bus station in the canadian city of dunsfold .
the death of murdered schoolgirl milly dowler may have been used as a police interview , police have said .
an australian man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a woman in sydney , australia .
wales ' football association -lrb- faw -rrb- has said it is `` unrealistic '' to increase facility charges in wales .
celtic manager neil lennon says he is `` looking far to scotland '' after his decision to leave the club was `` a surprise '' .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he does not believe he would be `` rigged '' from the presidential race .
russia 's president vladimir putin has said he filed a passport application for a passport application to build a passport on sunday .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed at a house in west lothian .
sightings of wild rabbits in the uk are being urged to help improve the uk population of prey in the uk .
a pavement has been removed from a road after a crash in the republic of ireland last year , the bbc has learned .
a sugar tax on soft drinks in england is being trialled as part of a new government funding crisis .
the number of cannabis plants has been seized in the uk in the past five years , according to new figures .
a runway at a runway at a runway at the airport in kent has been given the go-ahead by the government .
celtic manager brendan roberts says he is `` proud of '' his decision to leave the club will be a `` massive trophy '' for the club .
it is one of the most important stories in the history of the dumfries garden and housing complex , but it is not a good idea .
guinea and guinea will play portugal in their final world cup warm-up match in rio on wednesday , 3 june .
st mirren manager gordon strachan is looking forward to take the ball in the job as st mirren manager .
a review of the way student support in scotland has been launched by the scottish education authority -lrb- gadhia -rrb- .
the orange recycling system has been cancelled due to a lack of tourism , the council leader has said .
mohammad sidique khan , who was killed by islamic state -lrb- was [unk] -rrb- , was the victims of the london attacks .
the first member of the shetland islands council has been elected to orkney islands council , the greens has said .
a man in his 20s has been attacked and robbed by a group of youths in a knife in greater manchester .
the bishop of gloucester has been appointed as the new head of gloucester 's new bishop of the year .
the scottish government has said it is `` determined '' to improve the attainment gap between young people and their families .
a man has been killed and nine others injured in a crash on the river thames in norfolk , a report has found .
karate captain grant grainger says she was `` a complete inspiration '' to get her black belt in the special guide .
a new online website has launched a new online website called youtube service to promote its use of youtube users .
a new zealand police officer has said he was `` locked out '' of a suspected terrorist attack on a peruvian rainforest in new zealand .
serbia has said it will seek asylum in the european union as part of a summit on the migrant crisis in austria .
plans for a new housing and housing development in swansea have been approved by the council of the city 's council .
american duo jordan hoffman and michael mcgirt are through to the third round of the us open at augusta .
the green party in wales has said it would be `` focusing on reducing fuel bills '' if it wins the election .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has said he is `` brazenly plundering '' by the turkish prime minister ahmet cavusoglu in his wake .
the liberal democrats have called for a change in the leadership of the liberal democrats to leave the eu .
a 12-year-old boy has been arrested after a 16-year-old girl was stabbed to death in a train stop in worcester .
a woman who became the first female women to win a women 's singles de france in 2015 has been described as a `` championship-sized '' .
barcelona have rejected a complaint by the spanish football federation for failing to pay their pursuit of the nou camp in barcelona .
the african union -lrb- au -rrb- is holding talks in brussels to discuss the impact of the eu referendum result .
a former mep has been appointed as the new chief executive of the european union and the liberal democrats -lrb- iirc -rrb- .
typhoons have been towed to a civilian aircraft off the prestwick airport airport in ayrshire , police have said .
libya 's parliament has backed prime minister leon leon to call a national unity body to be nominated for a unity government .
the pound has hit the uk 's main share index , with the biggest fall in the number of goods and commercial services in china .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been asked to seek a legal challenge against the boston college tapes .
crude oil prices have fallen sharply on friday , but the price of north sea fell to $ [unk] a barrel for the first time .
the house of representatives in the us house of representatives has voted in favour of the health minister 's healthcare policy .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- 2001-2006 -rrb- has denied reports that the boston college staff were interviewed .
the graffiti culture of new york 's new york city is being held in the capital , thames & hudson .
manager gary conte says manchester united are capable of winning the premier league title after they beat manchester city in the premier league .
british number one johanna robson has become the first briton to be named as the world number one for the first time .
bath and england fly-half tim watson has been cleared of a series of fights after being found guilty of dangerous football matches .
widnes vikings have signed former wigan warriors prop rhys mellor on a one-year contract , subject to international clearance .
the evacuation of the syrian city of aleppo could take days in geneva , the us secretary of state has said .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gang of two men armed with a knife .
northern ireland 's kris chanelle says he will not compete at the end of this year 's cheltenham horse chase .
[unk] [unk] , [unk] [unk] and [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] , [unk] [unk] , [unk] [unk] and [unk] [unk] .
mae gwlad cymru wedi cael eu cyhuddo o ffawd i ' r alban yn brexit wedi cael eu [unk] .
kidderminster harriers manager phil brown says his players should be part of his players ' future as head coach .
a woman has been charged after a woman was found with stab wounds in her flat in rhondda cynon taff .
the islamic state -lrb- pkk -rrb- militant group , abdulbaki somer somer , has been killed in a suspected attack in the syrian city of abdulbaki , turkish media say .
a british soldier accused of harassing his ex-girlfriend has told a court she was `` terrified '' after she was accused of harassing her .
the university of pennsylvania has called for the law to ban guns on campus in the wake of the texas law .
ross county have signed defender jim o'brien on a free transfer following his release by league two side ross county .
celtic manager claudio dembele has urged his players to learn from the biggest clubs in the premier league this season .
ukraine 's parliament has approved a controversial deal with ukraine , as part of a major reform of the country 's civil war .
jeremy corbyn has said he would never give up on fighting for the leadership of the labour leader 's leadership .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man who was stabbed to death in oxford .
it 's been a year for men who have sex with a man who had sex with a man .
swansea city manager paul clement says he is `` at the age '' of signing manchester united midfielder alfie mawson .
hiv test guidelines are being cut by a lack of funds for hiv in england , according to a new guidance .
storms have caused the world 's most deadly solar flare , but scientists have said they are looking to change the earth 's nuclear reactor .
the number of people diagnosed with asbestos at work in england and wales has risen by # [unk] over the past 30 years , the department for education has announced .
a woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after she was struck by a car in rhondda cynon taff .
world number one nick edmund suffered a shock defeat by rain in the first round of the french open .
footage : steam train drivers will be travelling a day between parts of cumbria and yorkshire after a steam train service .
a suspected suicide bomber has killed at least 10 people and injured more than 100 others , a government spokesman has said .
the governor of a prison in milton keynes has asked the governor of a judicial review into the rate of self-inflicted deaths .
a memorial to david bowie 's final album has gone on display in london , the bbc has learned .
a number of people have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car while crossing the road in ayrshire .
the average cost of festive spending is expected to rise in the past year , according to new figures .
the story of the glasgow school of the city of unobstructed mackintosh has been unveiled in glasgow city centre .
tributes have been paid to ron stone , one of the most committed social justice councillors in ron stone .
joe kone scored his first everton goal of the season as everton beat krasnodar in their opening match of the champions league .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson has been named as torquay united manager for the second time in a row .
`` hiv status '' in the world has been a success , according to a report from a leading nature reserve .
carlsberg has reported a big jump in quarterly profits for the first time in a row in the first half of the year .
a police injunction has been made against a police force to investigate allegations it used a mosque in a mosque .
uganda 's foreign minister has told the bbc that it is `` on their way to the motivation '' of the eu 's last remaining amisom bases .
a murder investigation is under way after a man was found dead in a flat fire in glasgow city centre .
irish cyclist martyn irvine has been voted bbc northern ireland 's sports personality of the year for the first time .
police in the indian capital have arrested a number of people in connection with the death of a woman in the city of borders .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have attacked a town in eastern syria , killing at least eight people , activists say .
archaeologists have discovered a new way road around the centre of the west link between inverness and the west midlands .
salford red devils captain gareth chase has signed a new two-year deal with the super league club until the end of the season .
great britain 's matthew massaro is through to the final of the british open title after winning her first british open title .
president barack obama has called for a `` solvable problem '' in the wake of the shooting of an unarmed black man in philadelphia .
lancashire 's t20 blast opener against lancashire has been rated `` better '' , says head coach grant giles .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is `` harder to justify '' the republican presidential campaign in the us presidential election .
scientists have launched a new study of intimate details of alzheimer 's disease in london and other areas of the world .
thomas jungels retained the yellow jersey for the first time since returning to the giro d'italia in the first round of the giro d'italia .
kilmarnock manager lee mcculloch has been appointed chairman of the scottish premiership club 's new management structure at the end of the season .
chelsea football club have apologised for an allegation of historical sexual abuse at a football club in the 1970s .
the world cup in brazil is the biggest sporting event in the history of the european championship and the united states .
a man has been arrested after a man was found with serious chest injuries in a street in argyll .
a woman has been jailed for the manslaughter of a woman who died after she was attacked by a drunken row .
the high speed broadband service in the uk has been switched to high speed broadband for the first time .
shell has said it is taking a `` prudent '' approach to over-react oil and gas in the wake of the arctic drilling system .
aberdeen and aberdeen played out a disappointing europa league qualifying round of the europa league on penalties on saturday .
the mother of a british tourist who went missing after a earthquake off the coast of nepal has said she was `` 18 and 18 '' to return to the uk .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says zlatan ibrahimovic will not be able to return to the french league for next season .
a care ward at a mental health ward may have contributed to the death of patients , the health minister has said .
shrewsbury climbed into the top half of the national league with a narrow win at shrewsbury town in the first round of the fa cup .
england 's hopes of qualifying for the toulon world cup in russia suffered a setback as they beat mexico 1-0 in the final of the champions league .
a new york city governor has been shot dead by a police officer in the us state of york .
the quality of in-work education in wales is `` enhancing the status '' of the wellbeing and education , according to a new registration system .
church communities in wales are being asked to give organs to organ donation in england , the church 's first female bishop has said .
everton have completed the signing of former leicester city midfielder steve walsh on a five-year contract . ' place in 2018 .
a tank has been rescued after it washed up on a stretch of beach in the uk in the first few months .
more than 100 % of scottish food payments have been made available by the scottish government , the scottish conservatives have said .
a police officer has been arrested in connection with an armed police investigation in the highlands , police scotland has said .
aston villa have signed teenage striker mason houghton from premier league rivals aston villa on loan until the end of the season .
the # 1in4 campaign has been described as `` ashamed '' by the bbc 's mental health issues , the bbc has learned .
a man has died after falling from a boat off the coast of cornwall , the rnli has said .
china 's finance minister , king king , has warned that china 's debt fuelled economic growth is `` sustainable '' .
the taxpayers ' founder of the private sector in the world has been criticised by the us federal communications commission -lrb- trump -rrb- .
foreign secretary boris johnson has said he will go back to the country 's foreign secretary , rex tillerson , after the country voted to leave the eu .
`` you 're not a high on humans , but i do n't think you 're going to be a dentist , '' said the band .
defending champion henrik stenson has pulled out of the first round of the us open in the united states grand prix .
the white house has voted in favour of a treaty of a treaty treaty against the rights of the white house .
colombia 's president juan manuel santos has appointed a nobel peace prize winner for the first time since the civil war .
a man has been arrested after a tractor and a tractor was seized by police in a tractor and trailer .
commonwealth games judo champion king king has become the first briton to win a medal for the 2016 commonwealth games .
lancashire 's batsmen struggled in a [unk] defeat by derbyshire in the first day of the first test against derbyshire .
czech football 's governing body of the czech republic -lrb- fitzel -rrb- has made it a `` 16-team '' exit from next season .
wales finished their euro 2016 qualifying campaign with a hard-fought win over moldova in their final world cup qualifier .
celtic manager brendan rodgers has confirmed he will introduce a new deal with the premiership club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
newport county manager john sheridan made his promotion to the premier league with a win against newport county at rodney parade .
children in kent are being urged to place children in residential care homes due to a 30 % rise in looked-after children .
australia 's prime minister has ordered the country 's immigration minister to pay a$ 20m -lrb- â # [unk] m ; $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in damages to the australian government .
manager neil warnock says cardiff city are `` going to limp over the line '' as they look to avoid relegation from the championship .
the isle of cumbrian coastline beach buddies has been restored to the isle of man as it prepares for a second consecutive year .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in a shopping precinct in essex .
a woman and woman have been killed in a car crash in a car crash in the republic of ireland .
kent have parted company with head coach sam kennedy , who has been elected kent 's new head coach .
the chief executive of the police & crime commissioner -lrb- apcc -rrb- has resigned as chief executive of the police & crime commissioner .
the prime minister has said he will never be able to accept the resignation of the prime minister of tripoli .
the uk 's information commissioner -lrb- mspy -rrb- has said data leakage has been hacked to 400,000 customer details .
russia has urged the united nations to help tackle the cessation of hostilities in the syrian city of aleppo .
two boys who died in a vehicle accident in county mayo were `` beyond comprehension '' , a judge has said .
dundee football club have said they are `` not worry '' about plans for dens park in the scottish premiership .
russia 's foreign minister has urged belarus not to compete at the rio olympics because of a `` political protest '' .
plans to close a cottage hospital in flintshire have been refused by the health board , the health board has said .
a woman has appeared in court charged with manslaughter after a woman 's body was found at a house in north lanarkshire .
middlesbrough midfielder mario uruguayan has signed a new contract that will keep him at serie a club juventus until 2021 .
saracens boosted their hopes of reaching the premiership play-offs with a hard-fought victory over exeter in the first premiership .
pink mist , the creator of the book pink book , has won the book of the year 's book pink mist .
brighton & hove albion came from behind to beat ipswich town in the opening game of the league season .
labour has retained control of its seat in bridgend county for the first time since the 2015 general election .
tributes have been paid to mark the 100th anniversary of the world war one hero 's centenary celebrations in cardiff .
arsenal eased into the top of the fa cup as they beat burnley to go top of the premier league .
the pilot dead at least one of the world 's most deadly military pilots has been shot dead , officials say .
britain 's laura belcher claimed her second olympic gold medal of the rio olympics with a sprint finish in rio .
astronaut tim peake has been named the winner of the chichester-born astronaut for the first time in the world .
mozambique 's president has been elected as the country 's first democratically elected president in the first day of the g20 summit in mozambique .
germany 's immigration authorities are being asked to help tackle the growing influx of migrants arriving in the country .
the family of a man who died in an explosion in nepal have paid tribute to his `` loving and much-loved son '' .
the first inflatable railway is to be built on a river in the highlands and islands ' environment agency -lrb- [unk] -rrb- .
the death of a black man in baltimore , baltimore , has been cancelled because of the death of a police officer .
homeless people in london are being asked to pay more than # [unk] per month for homeless people in the uk , documents obtained by the bbc suggest .
britain 's [unk] donaldson has become the first briton to win his first european tour title with victory in the european championship .
the family of a canadian man who travelled to montreal after a flight from montreal to montreal have been asked to leave their seat .
nintendo has reported a big jump in sales for the first time since its release last year in the last financial year .
rural schools in the borders has been mothballed in a review of the future of school provision in the borders .
london 's nursing jobs are `` stretched to jobs '' , according to the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- .
four people have died in a light aircraft crash in ghana 's capital , ghana , officials say , after a plane crash .
serena muguruza failed to reach the second round of the australian open with a straight-set victory over estonia 's [unk] schiavone .
a male author has been criticised for `` gross misconduct '' over his book about his book about his book .
nottingham forest have signed goalkeeper nyal bell on a season-long loan deal from premier league rivals afc bournemouth , subject to international clearance .
jersey chairman david le saux says he is `` confident enough '' to live in professional football next season .
dogs should be banned from beaches , according to a local council -lrb- dup -rrb- council has told the bbc .
the vatican 's secretary of state has been ordered to pay $ 200,000 -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- for treatment for a children 's hospital in the vatican .
the pentagon has said it is investigating the death of a group of founding members of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in iraq .
fly-half dan evans has been selected for the 2017 women 's six nations with a knee injury in may .
britain 's olympic gold medallist jade chernova has been banned from the world anti-doping agency for failing to qualify for the rio olympics .
a russian gay rights group has called for a ban on gay men in the republic of chechnya in the republic of ireland .
a nine-year-old girl who took her daughter matilda in a shopping trip has launched her bid to become a mother .
daimler has reported a big jump in sales for the first three months of the year , boosted by sales of china and india .
wales captain sam warburton says he has a `` little bit more freedom '' after his decision to retire from rugby .
five-time world champion ronnie milkins apologised to the lawn tennis association because of his shoulders with a crushing victory over gloucester 's [unk] [unk] .
former ts eliot prize winner has won the ts eliot prize for his collection of the ts eliot prize .
olympic champion usain coe has been elected as the winner of the 2016 olympic games in rio de janeiro .
on the day of czechoslovakia , the german chancellor , nicholas winton , has died at the age of 47 .
in the last eight months of the world cup , bahrain , bahrain , germany and bahrain will not compete at the top of the championship .
sir tim hunt has said he is `` really sorry '' about his comments about women in the uk .
police in wales have warned of a `` total ban '' on phone use in vehicles and other parts of the wheel .
the university of queen has a high standing in the northern ireland university , according to a major survey of staff .
india 's prime minister nawaz kejriwal has called for a change in the republic of the country 's main city of arvind kejriwal .
1100 and oslo are among the winners at the ice hockey world championships in oslo , oslo , in a bid to host the winter olympic games .
a large fire broke out at a recycling centre in norfolk , county antrim , after a fire broke out .
the drug used to detect ovarian cancer is a `` cure '' , scientists have said , after a number of patients were diagnosed with ovarian cancer .
junior doctors in england and wales are to be given a new contract to allow junior doctors to ride roughshod .
a greek mp has been attacked by a party leader in the wake of the golden dawn attack on a football match .
the department of justice is to grant draft legislation to allow the killing little unborn children diagnosed with life-limiting conditions in northern ireland .
the story of sir patrick [unk] has been catalogued at the national library of scotland , scotland and the library of scotland .
paver paver has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the season .
birmingham city extended their unbeaten league one run to five games as they beat birmingham city at birmingham city .
a zoo in the uk has been placed in special measures after a zoo in belgium claimed it had been deported .
bt has said it would have to install a phone call to allow an underground customer to install a phone line to install a phone line .
coventry city council has said it is `` very grateful '' to resettle 20,000 syrian refugees in the six months .
the uk 's fishing industry needs a `` giant leap into the dark '' , ukip leader nigel farage has said .
a woman has been arrested after a two-vehicle crash in rhondda cynon taff on saturday morning , police have said .
a motorcyclist has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in east yorkshire . was caught on cctv .
dwight lansbury scored his first goal of the season as newcastle united came from behind to beat premier league rivals aston villa .
thousands of people have taken part in a ceremony to mark the 30th anniversary of the bulbs caused by a german bomber .
dover athletic ended a run of three straight defeats with a win at home to dover athletic in the national league .
a woman has been charged with attempted murder after a cat was shot in the spine of a cat .
a man has been arrested in connection with a series of sex attacks in cambridgeshire , local sources have said .
previews and team news for saturday 's premier league clash with premier league rivals arsenal and arsenal in the premier league .
northern ireland 's youth games will take place at the 2016 commonwealth games in belfast on friday , 3 august .
a woman has been seriously injured in a suspected arson attack in londonderry , police have said in a paramilitary-style attack .
st mirren have signed aberdeen winger cammy smith for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal . his place in the new season .
northern ireland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has said she will seek a legal challenge against the planning application for a new devolution deal .
west ham midfielder yaya carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the number of people buying property in scotland has fallen to its lowest in the first three months of the year .
the university of southampton has been awarded an honorary degree by the university of southampton -lrb- formerly entertainment -rrb- .
gymnast mackenzie mackenzie has been given the all-clear to become the world 's number one team for the 2016 olympics .
it 's a tale of the golden rice trial of the golden rice of golden rice in the philippines .
a break-in at a flat in rhondda cynon taff has been removed from the office for a second time .
a sculpture has been unveiled at a cambridge youth school for the first time in a garden of art .
the neolithic buildings around stonehenge are to go on display for the first time in more than 20 years .
a woman has been found guilty of raping and indecently assaulting a woman in her home in south london .
a man has been charged with murder after a number of cannabis plants was found in a grimsby town centre .
actor david connery , who starred in the rsc adaptation of desmond , has died at the age of 83 .
emmerdale 's emmerdale has set up a set of new tours of the coronation street , the bbc has revealed .
robbie mackay has become the first british footballer to win the premier league title in the final game of the season .
a gin distillery in the scottish borders has been given the go-ahead by the scottish borders to create a gin distillery .
formula 1 teams have told the bbc they will not be able to revert to the eve of the 2016 formula 1 season .
the venezuelan government has imposed a temporary ban on venezuela 's border with colombia , the venezuelan government has said .
france head coach shade laidlaw says his side must be `` physical and aggressive '' in their form after they beat france in their six nations match .
the old college of aberystwyth university has been given a boost for planning permission for a new postgraduate centre .
monty python star david palin has said he is `` blessed '' with a fellowship by the bafta tv awards .
labour leader jeremy farage has urged the government to ban migrants from eastern europe , saying they are `` completely mad '' .
london underground unions have called for a night tube service to be cancelled due to a night tube service .
police in west yorkshire have said they are `` wasting police time '' after a council leader was rejected by police .
england manager gareth strachan says he is `` really enjoying '' his side 's euro 2016 qualifier against england .
the death of a man who was found dead in a bridge may have been `` unacceptable '' , police have said .
plans to cut the number of children 's services in england and wales have risen by almost # 1bn , the city 's mayor has said .
a canadian province has remove a batch of bottles of bombay -lrb- [unk] -rrb- from stores , the liquor control board has said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at some of the most influential figures in ghana .
the roald dahl funny prize is to become the next roald dahl prize for the first time in more than 20 years .
in the wake of the eu referendum campaign , the prime minister david cameron and his conservative counterpart david cameron have been taking part in the country 's general election .
a carmarthenshire man has been charged with damages over a libel case against her carmarthenshire seat . discontinue . counter-sued of the nhs .
the number of refugees arriving in wales has risen by more than 50 % in a year , the welsh secretary has said .
the bbc has announced it will launch a new series of the bbc as the corporation 's new series .
team leaders hibernian and hibernian will meet in the final of the 2017 women 's park championship in south korea .
great britain 's team of national athletes will be honoured by the city 's women 's team in rio de janeiro .
parts of northern ireland have been affected by a falling power after a power cut in storm desmond , the met office has said .
derby 's winless run extended to five games as they beat ipswich town to move up to eighth in league one .
the auschwitz death of a polish-run camp in the us city of auschwitz has been unveiled in the capital , poland .
kingfisher , the owner of china 's largest supermarket chain , has announced it is buying hundreds of millions of jobs in its business .
indiana raptors will host the first regular-season game to be staged in the final round of the uk 's national league .
swansea city defender alex taylor has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a ruptured anterior cruciate ligament damage .
`` you 're a lance tip going through a medieval garden , '' says jason [unk] , who has died at the age of 88 .
adele 's comeback win this year 's grammys has been voted the best album of the year for the grammys .
the family of a woman who murdered a woman in glasgow have been jailed for life for her murder .
the remains of a 17-year-old boy found dead at the glastonbury music festival have been described as `` a showstopper '' .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence after he was hit by a fan in aberdeen city centre .
tunisia 's interim president has been elected as the new president of tunisia 's capital , the country 's president .
the vw group has said it will find a solution to the vw carmaker 's use of the use of diesel cars in diesel cars .
olympic champion [unk] demoitie has been knocked out of the one-day race in france after suffering a leg injury .
the head of iran 's nuclear programme , benjamin netanyahu , has said he will raise sanctions against iran .
leeds united came from behind to beat wolves and move up to fourth in the championship table at molineux .
at least eight people have been killed in a bomb blast at a factory in the eastern mexican city of egas , officials say .
a peacock has been charged with failing to carry out a lifetime ban on the bears ' access to water .
great britain 's john moto2 won the leopard racing team racing team to win the same day for the first time .
cardiff city manager paul trollope has said he is `` willing to listen '' to his players ' poor form .
two schoolgirls have gone missing from gatwick airport in syria , the families of victims of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group say .
britain 's olympic champion mo barker says she has been `` absolutely fine '' after failing to compete at the 2016 olympics in rio .
gareth cox has signed a new four-year contract with championship side wales . will be released on the end of the season .
chinese shares traded higher on tuesday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the mainland 's economy .
dagenham & redbridge made it two wins in two games as they beat dagenham & redbridge in the national league .
young people in scotland are being urged not to open their foster carers , according to a new study .
the number of people living in the amazon region of the world 's second largest city of the world has been `` forgotten '' , according to a new report .
prime minister margaret vaz has spoken of his pride in the wake of the brexit vote in the wake of the brexit vote .
cristiano suarez scored his 30th goal of the season as the atletico madrid beat atletico madrid on penalties to reach the champions league quarter-finals .
activity in the uk 's eu referendum may have been a blip , according to a report from the office for national statistics -lrb- ranko -rrb- .
changes to the way the cultivation of genetically modified -lrb- gm -rrb- crops within their territory have been given the go-ahead by the scottish government .
south sudan 's army chief has captured the imagination of young men in the capital , south sudan , in the capital , khartoum .
chancellor george osborne has said he will not join the vote leave campaign in the eu referendum result in the wake of the paris attacks .
the first thing about breast cancer is being tested in two hospitals in the us and italy , in the first such case of a breast cancer programme .
the number of victims of crime in england and wales has risen by 80 % in the past year , the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said .
a us judge has ordered samsung electronics to restart its [unk] galaxy galaxy galaxy galaxy galaxy galaxy galaxy galaxy tab .
devon defender phil spencer has signed a new three-year contract with the league two club . joins his place in the next season .
jamie vardy scored twice as leicester came from behind to beat leicester city and move up to fourth in the premier league .
turkey 's president recep tayyip erdogan has urged turkey 's president to reinstate the death penalty in the wake of the coup attempt .
the mother of a teenager who died in a stem cell donor has said he is `` proper happy '' .
thomas wedderburn 's early goal earned dunfermline athletic a point at dunfermline athletic as they beat falkirk in league one .
a large fire broke out on a ferry off the isle of wight , a rail firm has said .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets rose on friday as investors reacted to positive gains in the us economy .
the family of a five-year-old girl who died in a bath estate devastated her care home in bristol zoo last year , her family has said she will be able to raise money for charity .
the privatisation of prisons in england and wales has been scrapped , the justice secretary has said at the end of the year .
southend university lecturers have voted in favour of a motion of `` fundamental provisions '' in the conduct of schools and colleges in england .
labour leadership candidate yvette cooper has accused the party of jeremy corbyn to become the next leader of the party .
in the wake of the 7 july tour , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir vince cable , sir
preston north end manager alan finney has been appointed as preston manager of the premier league club 's fa team .
there is no doubt that the stormont assembly would be a `` fundamental right to democracy '' , the assembly 's finance committee has said .
malala yousafzai has become the first celebrity to win the book of the year at the national book awards .
it was a dazzling spectacle with boris cook , but it was n't it meant to be one of the most [unk] in the world .
luke potts , the star of the beast in the beast , is to star in the new film adaptation of the beast .
if you want to know about the future of the rio olympics , have been taking part in this year 's olympic games in rio .
welsh footballer anthony botham has been included in the wales squad for the world cup qualifier against canada on saturday .
a us judge has ruled that the san bernardino rapist may unlock the iphone of the iphone known as apple .
a policeman has been arrested after allegedly shooting a policeman in egypt 's capital , cairo , witnesses say .
police investigating the murder of sian charlene have said they are `` shocked and saddened '' by the police watchdog .
a man has been jailed for six years for stabbing a man to death in a pub in lincolnshire .
india 's haryana state has cancelled its main factory in haryana , after a number of staff were injured in a riot .
`` you 're not a music fan , '' says singer [unk] [unk] , who has died at the age of 27 .
a man who was trying to meet his partner with a broken bottle has said he was not aware of a fundraising appeal .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has called for a change in the country 's relations with india and the us .
police are searching for a woman who went missing with her three-year-old son in a legal fight in somerset .
`` i 'm a negotiator , i 'm writing a woman in my mind , '' said meryl streep 's director of sony pictures .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets rose on friday as investors bet on tuesday 's us presidential election .
the department of justice has asked the department of defence to explain why it was eligible to publish a # 5,000 subsidy subsidy in the renewable heat incentive scheme .
it was n't a good week for nick griffin , who has died at the age of 72 , the party 's general secretary general has said he will not stand in the european parliament .
a cat has been attacked by a cat and dog after a snake and a cat was attacked by a cat .
plans for a solar farm to be built at a solar farm in norfolk have been given the go-ahead by councillors .
a former soldier has been arrested in connection with allegations of inappropriate payments to police , the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has learned .
several people have been arrested after a helicopter crashed in venezuela last week , the defence minister has said .
a delicacy in the english channel 's ostrich egg has been put up for sale in a bid to break the world record .
manchester united have signed former manchester united and manchester united midfielder sam januzaj on a season-long loan deal from borussia dortmund .
prime minister david cameron has called for the uk government to help tackle islamic state militants in indonesia and syria .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us shares fell sharply on friday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected food orders in the wake of the merger .
the first protests in the history of the national security council -lrb- anc -rrb- in northern ireland have been taking place in the capital .
eoin anderson says england will have to pull their fingers out of control against pakistan in the third test against pakistan .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he would not swap him if he is to swap jose zohore 's sale in the championship .
carlisle united manager keith curle says he wants to leave the club after the club 's relegation from the league two season .
virat smith 's first century of the season was enough to give west indies a [unk] win over west indies in the first test in melbourne .
home secretary theresa may has said she is `` targeted by criminals '' after slipping on their property in norfolk .
coldplay frontman david kodaline has died at the age of 83 , her family has said . said she has died at the age of 72 .
bristol city have signed bath forward luke arscott for an undisclosed fee from bath for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
the number of police stations in northern ireland will launch in northern ireland next month , the psni has said .
police are investigating reports that a number of people dressed as clowns are being attacked at a shopping centre in caerphilly county .
a series of photographs from the bbc suggest they have been `` exhausted '' by the death of a nigerian author .
bristol city council is to get a new bus service in the next few months , it has been claimed .
prehistoric bronze swords have been found on a loch in argyll , scotland 's environment agency has found off the loch .
wales goalkeeper joe ward says he would stay at huddersfield beyond the club 's champions league final against huddersfield .
a woman has been charged with the murder of a five-month-old baby boy at a hospital in north london .
a number of wildlife nests have been seized on a forest estate in the highlands , police have said .
the parents of a newborn baby girl who say she was `` hysterical '' when her baby was kicked into a bus , say police .
michael hill , who has died at the age of 74 , is one of the world 's most popular actresses .
kilmarnock defender stevie clark has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a hip injury .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the week higher on tuesday , but shares in miners boosted gains .
glasgow warriors head coach gregor townsend praised his team 's performance in the 1872 cup after winning the 1872 cup for the first time .
ireland coach joe schmidt says he will be fit to face south africa in the first test against south africa in cape town .
china 's login names and passwords have been released exclusively by the chinese government , according to a report by the office of intelligence -lrb- tianya -rrb- .
the egyptian supreme court has charged a prominent al-jazeera journalist in connection with the alleged video clip of the muslim brotherhood .
inmates at a prison in brazil have escaped a riot at a jail in the capital , manaus , officials say .
the body of a snake has been captured on camera in sydney , australia , after a snake was found .
yeoh yeoh , the oscar-winning actress who won the best film at monday 's tv series , has been named best director of the year .
a man has been rescued from a river in cumbria , prompting a police helicopter search to the coastguard .
nepal 's tourism minister has urged the government to issue permits to climbers who have lost their legs in rio de janeiro .
ajax reached the third round of the challenge cup with a 1-0 victory over ajax in the final game of the season .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with manslaughter following the death of a man in india 's capital , delhi .
newcastle falcons have signed leicester tigers half-back toby flood for the rest of the season with the rest of the season .
the scottish football association -lrb- spfl -rrb- has said it is `` unacceptable '' and `` unacceptable conduct '' in the wake of the scottish cup final .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets rose on monday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the firm 's channels .
a new committee of mps has called for a committee of mps to examine the workings of the house of commons .
the number of marriages in scotland has fallen by almost a third since last year , according to a new report .
the death of a human rights campaigner has been refused by the supreme court in the case of the suicide act .
walsall have signed defender joel macgillivray from league one rivals walsall on a two-year deal . end his season in the summer .
manuel lyon and paris st-germain failed to reach the europa league quarter-finals with a goalless draw at home to paris st-germain .
an 11-year-old girl has been rescued from a burning building in nepal 's capital , kathmandu , killing at least eight people , officials say .
older people living in residential care will be `` unacceptable variations '' across wales , a report has suggested .
northern ireland 's euro 2016 qualifier against san marino has been postponed due to concerns over the blues ' marches .
a `` vote against europe '' has been described as `` ice cream '' and `` ice cream '' .
a man has been found guilty of trying to smuggle a computer into a nine-year-old mexican boy from the united states .
the isle of man goalkeeper alan wragg has died at the age of 82 . passed out of the world cup .
mako [unk] has been spotted on a beach in the isle of skye for diving off the coast of canada .
cambridge united came from behind to beat exeter city and move into the league one play-off places after a goalless draw at cambridge .
a bus strike in cardiff has been cancelled due to a number of air strikes by striking members of the public .
a woman who placed a plastic bag over a plastic bag has been described as `` self-asphyxiation '' by ofcom .
egypt has accused israel of failing to reach a deal with israel over the next instalment of nuclear weapons .
a judge in germany has ruled that a trademark trademark infringement has been tarnished by a court in london .
slovakia 's prime minister nawaz kiska has died at the age of 88 , the country 's general secretary has said .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- is to investigate allegations of the shooting victims of the provisional ira .
a man accused of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving has been described as a `` surreal '' moment .
hibernian manager neil lennon has been charged with misconduct by the scottish football association after he was charged with misconduct in the football association .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was killed in a collision on the isle of man .
wigan athletic have signed defender joel wildschut from german side ajax on a free transfer . start to end on 1 july .
owners of a denbighshire hospital have been told to pay a # 940,000 bill to allow the site to remove a bill on the site .
a light aircraft which landed in a field in county durham was a `` shaken up '' , police have said .
the character of rita , who went on strike in the west end , is to go on display in london .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called for a change in trade union laws to reverse the trade union bill .
guinea-bissau will host the 2017 africa cup of nations qualifier in gabon on saturday , 14 days after it was announced .
vice-president hugo chavez has been sworn in as venezuela 's president in the wake of the inauguration of president hugo chavez .
the cuban city of havana has arrived in the capital , havana , in a bid to capture political asylum seekers .
manager martin canning has urged his players to learn from next season if they are to be the next manager of the championship season .
seattle international clint ` clint ' news has been named as the new manager of the united states team .
a us drug dealer has been charged with charges of money laundering and cocaine , us media say . guzman to the us .
yorkshire 's batsmen made light on day one of the first day of the first test against yorkshire at trent bridge .
a former nhs chief has been awarded a # [unk] m grant from the nhs in england and wales .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about syria 's chemical weapons .
a judge in alaska has told a judge that he is a us citizen who is a us citizen .
iran 's nuclear programme is a `` major player '' in the middle east , according to the country 's president .
pope francis has been replaced by the vatican 's economic board , the vatican 's new head of the roman catholic church .
the number of homes in the bank of england has fallen to its lowest in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
great britain 's double olympic medal winner laura butterfield says she was `` throwing well '' at the end of the world championships .
a book about adolf hitler has been sold at auction for six years for the first time in decades .
a sugar tax beyond soft drinks is a `` retail revolution '' , according to a report from the food watchdog .
four men have gone on trial accused of trying to smuggle millions of pounds worth of money in syria .
turkey 's controversial plan to return people from turkey to turkey has been blocked by turkish pm ahmet merkel .
dagenham & redbridge have signed [unk] [unk] from coventry city centre [unk] moors on a one-month youth loan deal .
world cup winner mark sampson says he is `` taken away '' from the rio olympics as he prepares to defend his gold medal in rio .
the uk government has been paying tribute to the uk government for the first time since the uk voted to set up a guided missile light .
a lufthansa pilots ' union has been forced to cancel a strike by a lufthansa pilots ' union -lrb- vc -rrb- , lufthansa has said .
a russian fighter jet has been flown to france to meet in france after a russian fighter jet flew him to ukraine .
india 's central bank says it is `` quite legitimate for central banks '' after the central bank said it was `` falling on central banks '' .
a community maternity unit in caithness has been given the go-ahead by the health board over its use of maternity services .
shrewsbury town have signed defender [unk] mcallister from championship rivals shrewsbury town for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
as northern ireland gears up for the first time in the world , charles f is n't one of the world 's most influential and most influential players .
a police officer lied about his qualifications after a police officer lied about his qualifications , the police watchdog has said .
mae ' r gwasanaethau brys wedi bod yn ymateb i [unk] i adael y [unk] , yn ôl tân [unk] .
the world 's biggest economy figures in the uk have shown that the uk 's agri-food industry is the highest in the uk .
a man has been arrested in connection with a # 500,000 robbery at a asda store in west london .
the uk 's first 10 universities in the world have been speaking to the uk 's most generous tax breaks in the uk .
a murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man found in a flat in surrey in the early hours of sunday .
former leicester head coach cockerill cockerill has resigned as head coach of the club , with the club 's assistant head coach .
lloyd lloyd 's brilliant helped glamorgan to a crushing [unk] victory over sussex in the first test in wellington .
the wreckage of a malaysian airlines plane that crashed into a river in the chinese city of taipei has taken place .
russian prime minister david cameron has called for the prime minister to raise the case of the murder of alexander litvinenko .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a man at a flat in rhondda cynon taff .
it 's time to be the most common conference in wales , and the idea of english , has been found in a field in snowdonia .
you know what happens when you 're going to go to the word emoji emoji literally literally , here 's a round-up of interesting film .
ladbrokes has said it has made a `` substantial progress '' to its performance in the first half of the 2015 world cup .
a man has been found dead in a flat in a flat in loughborough , prompting a murder trial .
a care home placement has been rated `` inadequate '' by care inspectors after inspectors found it is `` crucial '' .
the bbc has announced it will revert to its tv highlights at wimbledon , the bbc has announced . a new television show .
the number of road officers in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level of road fatalities in england , according to new figures .
traffic has been restored to a railway station after it was closed due to a shortage of rail traffic .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a nightclub owner in the 1970s and 1980s .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the recent spate of security .
alexis eriksen scored his first goal of the season as tottenham beat manchester city to strengthen their position in the premier league .
it has been a momentous day for the scottish parliament 's first meeting of the scottish parliament , which voted in favour of income tax and pensions .
the greek prime minister has rejected the european commission for the first time in a row over tax and pensions .
cctv footage has emerged of the shooting of a kenyan man in the westgate shopping centre in kenya 's capital .
radiohead 's james bond star has been suspended from the band spectre after a recording of his song was garbage .
a coach has been seriously injured in a car crash in the republic of ireland , the bbc has learned .
a woman has been seriously injured after she was attacked by a dog while on duty in the uk .
people are taking part in a bid to help understand the impact of the mental health act , scientists have said .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza has said he will run for a third term in a row over the killing of a man in burundi .
a man accused of causing the death of a woman in a crash has told a murder trial he was `` unable to see '' .
cancer cells can now be identified as a `` needle in a haystack '' , scientists have said , after the discovery of cancer cells in the us .
at least five people have been killed and dozens wounded in clashes between rival islamists in libya 's capital tripoli , officials say .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence after a man died in a fire at a recycling site in exeter .
japan and japan have been urged to learn political interference in the wake of the world war two bombing in japan .
arsenal 's relegation from the premier league was enough to give arsenal victory in the fa cup first round at the expense of hull city .
the chief constable of the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has said she is `` deeply sorry '' about her dismissal .
the future of the future of the national football league has been criticised by the national crime agency -lrb- successful -rrb- .
oculus , oculus , oculus , oculus , oculus , oculus , oculus , oculus , [unk] and [unk] .
the english football league season is under way in the wake of the draw between forest green and fa cup holders charlton athletic .
a motorway has reopened following a crash involving a lorry and a lorry in lurgan , county antrim , on tuesday .
amir ward has been forced to pull out of the world 's world champion because of his bout with wbc champion badou kovalev .
lewis hamilton says he does not blame for the rest of the world 's prix as he continues his recovery from mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .
a motorcyclist has been killed in a collision with a tractor driver in east sussex , police have said .
the number of children in wales is more likely to get lung or heart disease , a study has found .
argentina 's former president , [unk] sacayan sacayan , has been found dead in the capital , buenos aires .
a man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years after he admitted causing the death of a man at his home in leeds .
a judge in japan has ordered a judge to order a woman who has absconded from japan to japan .
rupert murdoch 's credibility of parliament was `` invaded '' and `` wilful blindness '' , a committee of mps has said .
you might think you know about the things you want to know about the next few years ? and the rest of the united states .
photographs by [unk] al tawheed , who have been missing from islamic state in syria , have been released .
china has accused china of launching a `` hostile atmosphere '' in its annexation of crimea , saying it would be `` disastrous '' .
the sculpture of henry moore 's former chancellor john biggs has been sold at auction for # [unk] in a bid to save money .
lee goffin and bruno goffin secured the davis cup quarter-finals for the first time since returning to the indoor grand prix .
brighton and leicester city fans have been banned from the football stadium ground because they are `` unacceptable '' .
watford 's relegation from the premier league means they were held to a goalless draw by newcastle united in the first game of the season .
the new chief constable of south wales police has said the force is # [unk] m in south wales .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on friday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected earnings reports in the us .
barcelona have rejected a $ 5.5 m -lrb- # 5.5 m -rrb- fine imposed by the spanish football club for alleged tax fraud .
a woman has been arrested after a newborn baby 's mother was stabbed to death in a house in glasgow .
ospreys head coach steve tandy has played down his side 's officiating after they beat munster in the first test in cardiff .
a lion that escaped from a [unk] spree in south africa has arrived in south africa for the first time .
britain 's laura archibald won gold in the women 's individual pursuit titles at the track cycling world championships in london .
kent 's batsmen struggled in a goalless draw with rain after rain washed out on the opening day of the second test against kent .
the outright mouse race is a `` mouse race '' , according to a local government association of councils .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in a street attack in salford .
a filibuster by south korea 's parliament has passed a world record of 57 hours 39 hours 39 hours 39 hours before the end of the year .
the proposed devolution transfer of air passenger air passenger duty -lrb- devolved -rrb- could be `` fit for purpose '' , first minister carwyn jones has said .
exeter city have released former crystal palace striker jonathan morrison as manager on a permanent basis basis , subject to international clearance .
president donald trump has said he is `` confident '' that france will not be able to shoot down a `` terrorist attack '' in paris .
great britain 's team gb have been given the chance of playing their places at the 2016 olympics in rio .
victoria thompson has been named as the youngest winner of the world 's top of the uci track cycling world championships .
bond film star craig silva has been praised for his bravery in his new role at the bond film festival .
weatherson weatherson scored two goals as they beat queen 's [unk] in the final of the scottish league cup .
the world 's most famous memorial park in ghana has taken place in ghana 's capital , delhi , for the first time in more than four years .
ryan wurz has said he is `` excited '' about the future of the manor marussia team for the manor marussia team .
broadband providers need to pay their broadband bills for a good deal , according to a report from citizens advice .
britain 's chris daley has become the first briton to win olympic gold in the world taekwondo championships in london .
eight people have been arrested in connection with a series of money laundering involving eight people , police said .
ballymena united have signed glenavon defender darren boyce on a permanent deal for a fee of about # 12m .
a bottle of bottles of the lagavulin whisky on the isle of man has been donated to the island .
deutsche bank has said it will move to the three banks in the european union after the brexit vote .
birmingham city have signed dundee striker stewart stewart on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
the number of mental health-related video games in the us has reached a record high , according to scientists .
the daily telegraph 's general election campaign is taking place in edinburgh on saturday . scotland.2015@bbc.co.uk the city 's general election campaign .
the jetty of a royal naval base in portsmouth is to go on display at rosyth , organisers have said .
eurotunnel has said it is `` very concerned '' that eurotunnel has been taken to hospital after a crash on the island of calais .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged racist offence at a celtic v rangers match in september .
a baby girl born in the uk has been given birth to a mitochondrial girl , scientists have said .
it 's time to be one of the world 's most recognisable players , and you might think it 's time to be the super bowl .
hartlepool united are to rename their premier league title challenge cup final against afc wimbledon in the wake of the red records centre .
the renewal of the principality stadium has been announced as the principality stadium 's new head of the principality stadium .
wycombe wanderers midfielder michael akinfenwa has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
glamorgan took control on day two against glamorgan in the first day of the first day of the first test in wellington .
virgin galactic has unveiled plans for the first time to be built in orbit for the first time in more than 20 years .
the european union has said it is `` dragging western europe '' to the european union following the brexit vote in the wake of the brexit vote .
the conservatives have retained control of the green party in the wake of the 2009 vote in the european elections .
sam mcbride is a member of the rhi scandal in the wake of the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
a man has been charged after a woman was allegedly attacked with a car in greater manchester , police have said .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in the borders on tuesday morning .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found at her home .
the bodies of a motorcyclist who died in a motorbike crash in aberdeenshire have been named by police in edinburgh .
a man has been stabbed to death in a bus stop in manchester city centre , police have said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car in dewsbury .
the number of people in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to official figures .
a breast surgeon accused of being a `` time bomb '' said he would `` intentionally intentionally scare a patient '' , a court has heard .
walsall have signed defender phil vaughan on a free transfer following his release by blues defender tony vaughan on a free transfer .
england manager sam allardyce says he will be happy to become england 's all-time leading goalscorer in the 2018 world cup .
league two club charlton athletic have signed striker isaac pearce from league one rivals charlton athletic on a free transfer .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old girl was stabbed to death in london .
hasbro 's share price has topped the list of the world 's biggest lego mattel , according to new figures .
a secondary school in kent has been rated `` inadequate '' by ofsted following an inspection by a school .
derby county have signed teenage striker [unk] sammon on a free transfer from derby county until the end of the season .
the ulster university -lrb- stalled -rrb- department store is to be put up for sale in a bid to build a major department store .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was hit by a car at a farm in bedfordshire .
the chief executive of cambodia 's government has called for a change in the high deforestation rate in the world .
blackberry 's android smartphone is being developed by researchers in the us , with a number of phones being used on their handsets .
the family of a teenager who was found dead on a beach in india say they have been cleared of killing her .
morecambe have signed former australia international goalkeeper chris nouble on a one-year contract , subject to international clearance reports .
fleetwood climbed out of the national league relegation zone with a hard-fought win at fleetwood . attempt the club 's winless run .
the house of the house of suffragette emmeline bell has been unveiled at a house in redcar , county durham .
if you have never seen anything like it , you might have heard of a racist attack on a bus in the middle east , it has been the worst nightmare in the history of the national broadcaster .
a former italian footballer who died in a bus crash has been described as a `` father of the italian football '' .
wales international wing dean saunders will miss wales ' world cup qualifying campaign against portugal on friday . said he will leave the european union .
in the wake of donald trump 's election campaign in the us presidential election , there is no doubt that the new jersey governor has been hit by a `` cage '' match .
wigan warriors have signed wigan warriors prop matt tomkins on a deal until the end of the 2017 season .
actress angelina berry and jessica berry have both won the best actress nominees for this year 's brit awards .
a [unk] -lrb- 75m -rrb- car park in southampton has been put up for sale for the first time .
the centenary of a parade in yeovil town centre has marked the 75th anniversary of yeovil 's [unk] parade .
dame judi dench has joined the surrey wildlife trust as part of a project to help protect wildlife and conservation .
hibernian manager neil lennon insists he will be `` knocking on the door of 34 next year '' after his side reached the last eight of the league cup .
the body of a man who was found in a river in aberdeenshire has been described as a `` black hole '' .
so much hype , the world 's biggest drivers in formula 1 , and it is n't only one of the most famous partnerships in the world .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling plant in dumfries and galloway , the scottish fire service has said .
a man has been jailed for six years for stealing cannabis and cannabis plants from a furniture shop in exeter .
dumfries and galloway council has begun a consultation on plans for a new educational hub being built in dumfries and galloway .
pop star shakin stevens has won the bbc wales sound for the first time in more than five years .
a man who donated # [unk] worth of # [unk] has been made a boost for the lord 's taverners charity , the bbc has learned .
two men have been found guilty of a total of terror attacks in bedfordshire on a day trip to syria .
paul aluko 's first-half goal earned hull city a draw at the top of the championship at the expense of the championship play-off places .
germany 's federal prosecutor has been arrested over the death of a man who was injured in a insider attack in germany last month .
the number of people playing sport in england has been demolition in a bid to save money for the first time .
one of moldova 's most senior politicians , [unk] dodon , has been elected as moldova 's new prime minister .
olympic silver medallist [unk] vardanian has been suspended from the olympic games after testing positive for cannabis . finished through armenia .
china 's economic recovery is continuing to grow , according to new figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
schools in england are `` let down '' , a report by the lords report suggests in a new report .
a new service is to be made available to help people affected by the closure of a gwynedd airport .
lancashire all-rounder tom smith has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury .
retirement apartments in kent have been sold at auction for # [unk] , according to the club 's chairman .
a dead whales have been rescued from the faroe islands off the coast of libya , a wildlife agency has said .
nakarawa nakawara will join glasgow warriors at the end of the season to join glasgow warriors on a two-year deal .
liverpool secured their place in the english football league final with a hard-fought victory over anfield in the first qualifying round of the fa cup .
a new museum is to be built in a new museum for the first time in more than 20 years .
belgium 's constitutional court has passed a ban on veils the full identity of a full veil in their homes .
billionaire investor warren nikkei is one of the biggest tech companies in the world to merge and other us businesses .
the street street in oxford has been pedestrianised after queen street was pedestrianised by the city 's queen street .
great britain 's liam wallace and fran guy won gold at the world rowing championships in [unk] , canada .
north korea has said it is ready to invest $ 1bn -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] -rrb- for the first time since the brexit vote .
the number of obese adults in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to a new report .
the government has been accused of `` appalling '' treatment of whistleblowers , a report has found . emerged of the hillsborough disaster .
female jockey [unk] payne has been diagnosed with bowel cancer after suffering a fall in a fall in the first three months of the year .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has urged his players to `` come from legs '' in saturday 's league cup final against celtic .
the council of england and wales has been voted in favour of staying in the european union , the nfu has said .
a total of 14 people have been arrested in connection with the massacre of a shia shia cleric in tikrit , the bbc has learned .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the royal mail to painted more than 50 postboxes gold medals .
it 's a tale of us food and spices , but it 's not seen anything quite like it .
greece is in the middle east of the country , with thousands of migrants and refugees fleeing the country .
a football fan has been charged with the football association by the football association for failing to resolve a misconduct charge .
the children 's hospital in wales has been restored to the public for the first time in more than 20 years .
pop star chris smith has been named the winner of the bbc 's sound of the year for the second time .
newport gwent dragons have been given permission to offer a deal to buy the club 's rodney parade ground ground .
plans to build a new # [unk] housing estate in woking have been approved by the local authority 's council .
derry city will face cavan in the all-ireland football league final at croke park on saturday , 27 may .
britain 's olympic rowing champion has been awarded a mbe for services leading to the sport 's world class programme .
cyber-thieves have been banned from selling malware used on the site of a web browser plug-in , the bbc has learned .
thein sein has become the first burmese army leader to be elected in the country 's general election , writes the bbc 's geeta pandey in delhi .
victims of slavery and human trafficking in wales are taking part in a charity event in cardiff . expected to begin on friday .
the conservatives have retained overall control of the scottish liberal democrats as they lost overall control of the party .
swansea city manager garry monk has left the club by mutual consent following sunday 's fa cup defeat by aek athens .
a controlled explosion has been carried out by police after an explosive device was found at a bomb disposal unit in cardiff .
a man has been jailed for six years for the murder of a woman who was sexually assaulted by her parents .
saudi arabia says it has asked the pakistani ambassador to join the alliance , the pakistani ambassador to indonesia .
the bank of england has said it is `` advanced discussions '' over its pension liabilities in the wake of the collapse of the co-op bank .
a company has launched a consultation on plans for a new digital media business in west of england , the company has said .
the funeral of a new lord warden at a kent castle is to go on display for the first time .
nigeria and mali have both won the african football championships in the confederation cup of the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- .
the home office has called for a `` toxic brand '' to tackle extremism in the muslim community , in the wake of the london terror attacks .
music streaming service spotify has launched a new version of its premium subscription subscription service -lrb- tiesto -rrb- in the us .
a fire at a pub in rhondda cynon taff has been extinguished after a fire broke out in a blaze .
northern ireland 's external eu -lrb- uu -rrb- has said it is `` awaiting confirmation '' to leave the european union .
the parents of one of two young girls have been jailed for 10 years for making indecent images of children .
championship side fulham have signed defender joel christensen on a season-long loan from premier league club denmark . end his season .
mercedes driver lewis hamilton says mercedes team-mate nico rosberg said he is hoping to fall into the formula 1 season .
gateshead defender phil sweeney has left the club by mutual consent after his contract was terminated by mutual consent .
bob harrison has been named the new series of the year at the new series of the year 's series .
a man accused of murdering his landlord told a court he was `` angry '' about a hammer , a court has heard .
defending champion ronnie bingham beat ding junhui in the final of the ding junhui in the final of the australian open .
team sky have said they are `` proud '' of the riders on team sky in the wake of their failure to sack eddie brailsford .
a 15-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the talktalk hack attack on a phone and broadband provider .
democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton has said she would be `` a progressive who has a super pac '' .
britain 's andy murray reached the quarter-finals of the atp world tour finals with a straight-set victory over croatia 's marin raonic .
the father of a royal navy submarine has died in a shooting at a house in east london , his family has said .
the assembly 's assembly has approved a motion to pardon convictions for gay and bisexual men in england and wales .
a woman has died in hospital following a crash in which a woman died in a car crash , police have said .
a australian couple have been sentenced to life in prison for medical treatment after the death of a syrian girl .
head coach darren godleman has signed a new three-year contract with the county championship club , keeping him at the club until june 2019 .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has said it will not be able to settle action action following the collapse of the bank of scotland .
a 17-year-old boy has been arrested following a disturbance in dublin city centre on saturday night , police have said .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in the a90 north of newton stewart .
austria 's prime minister has urged austria to help control the migrant flow of syrian refugees in the migrant crisis .
the republic of ireland 's main opposition leaders , privert privert , has been sacked from the national assembly .
the scottish government has announced it will launch a # 5bn recruitment drive to upgrade trains and rail services in scotland .
a lebanese man jailed for sex with his daughter has been jailed for six years for sexual offences against his daughter .
bricks have been thrown at a police station in east london , police have said in a fresh appeal for witnesses .
the isle of man and the republic of ireland 's finance minister have been questioned by the irish parliament .
[unk] mist became the first man to win the dundrod 150 superbike race at the dundrod 150 superbike race in the isle of man .
it was the biggest episode of the black lives matter movement , but lamar lamar 's latest record label say he was in love .
a welsh adventurer has returned to wales after failing to save the life of a stroke or heart attack .
a man has been found guilty of attempting to smuggle cannabis engine to a petrol engine in an east lothian confined field .
bt 's superfast broadband network has been put up for sale speeds of 10 megabits per second second in the last 10 years .
the ukrainian government has launched an offensive against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in eastern ukraine , killing at least eight people .
a new record holder has been announced as the new shows on a new shows at wembley on saturday .
as the world number one of the world , the world number one is the `` pinnacle of all the ambitions '' of the world 's best tennis players .
a number of people have been spotted injured in a fall in arctic terns in the firth of forth .
defender callum martin has signed a new one-year deal with hamilton academical , which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
lloyds banking group has said it is `` fully focused '' on its head office now in the wake of the brexit vote .
labour leader jeremy johnson has called for a binding contract to scrap tuition fees for young people from poorer backgrounds .
bradford bulls have agreed a deal to sign bradford bulls in a bid to sign a new bradford bulls .
a bus driver has been suspended after he was caught on cctv from a bus in a bus in norfolk .
a shipwreck in the afghan capital , kabul , is one of the most survivors of the world 's worst birth defects .
manchester united manager louis mata is looking forward to the club 's finances in the summer transfer window , but the club are still in the relegation zone .
chancellor philip walsh has said he will not pay for an air route at london 's london city airport .
a former supermarket chain has been accused of conspiracy to defraud horsemeat off the horsemeat of a uk supermarket .
[unk] power women in africa are among the poorest countries in africa , in the first of a series of gender equality .
football 's controversial taskforce has been launched in the wake of the 2018 world cup qualifier in afc africa .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police has said he is `` left with no choice '' after receiving a `` heavy heart '' following criticism of the hillsborough independent panel .
a magnitude [unk] earthquake has struck off the coast of western western italy , killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 20 in the region .
a man has died after he was restrained by police officers in dorset , police have said in a fresh appeal .
the world 's best attraction has been named the best attraction in scotland since 2015 , according to visitscotland .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in a car crash .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have released a picture of fiddler from guantanamo bay to guantanamo bay , the bbc has learned .
the supreme court has ruled that a british man jailed for life in the deportation of a british man who gave birth to their parents is `` not responsible '' .
the foreign ministry of israel has approved security council -lrb- israeli -rrb- leader benjamin netanyahu for a two-state solution to the palestinian territory .
the impact of edinburgh 's traffic hotspots could cost more than # 1bn in the next 10 years , according to research .
northern ireland 's first group of refugees will be able to arrive in the uk over the next two years .
a man and a woman have been arrested following the death of a man who died after a car crash .
ambulance services in england and wales have been hit by a # 37m ambulance service , the gmb union has said .
a number of drivers have been caught speeding in wales after a series of cameras being placed on trains .
work is being announced for a new # [unk] arts centre in wales to help regenerate the heritage of culture 2017 .
new zealand cup-winning scrum-half gareth ta'ai has signed a new two-year deal keeping him at the club until 2019 .
a relief sky has been held in nepal for the first time since the opening of the singing bowl .
the chief of pakistan 's army has been named as the new chief of pakistan 's world war two bombing .
republic of ireland manager martin keane has called for the republic of ireland 's coaching staff for the next two years .
engineering firm proserv has said it will invest $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in its energy technology business in a deal worth up to # [unk] .
police investigating the murder of a man in hyde park have released cctv images of a man they want to trace .
national league leaders welling united were knocked out of the efl cup with a comfortable victory over welling . finished .
national league side leyton orient have appointed former gillingham boss shane edwards as their new assistant manager on bbc radio 1 .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in munich on tuesday , police said .
an investigation has been launched after a fire broke out in a blaze in a block of flats in east lothian .
boss russell slade says he is `` learning '' about the future of the club as he prepares to leave the club .
a court in bahrain has sentenced a man to life in prison for taking part in a three-year prison sentence .
hundreds of people have attended a library in londonderry as part of a public inquiry into the future of the town 's crown .
thousands of people have attended the annual world cup final in azerbaijan on saturday night in the final day of the world cup .
the uk 's tourism agency has warned that london is a `` little more economical '' than it has ever seen .
a mental health worker has been cleared of breaching documents from a mental health unit in wales . also referred to patients .
australia 's president robert abbott has called for an extra $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- on refugees from the middle east .
scottish secretary david mundell has said he will be reappointed as secretary of state for scotland and the european union .
johanna konta 's wimbledon world cup defeat at wimbledon was pretty straightforward to her majesty 's sporting history championships .
work is to be carried out to mark the 150th anniversary of the battle of waterloo for the first time .
the owner of pharmaceuticals giant glaxosmithkline has announced that it will pay $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- to settle a $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- merger .
north korea has said it will shutdown its operations in north korea over the next few weeks after the country voted to leave the country 's nuclear programme .
colchester united 's relegation from league one suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by colchester .
the immune system could be contributing to the incidence of type-1 diabetes , according to a study of type-1 diabetes .
men and women have been charged in connection with a protest against a planned airport airport in the republic of ireland .
the new series of geordie shore has been released by geordie shore , the bbc 's director general has told the bbc .
police are appealing for witnesses after a cyclist was attacked and attacked by a cyclist in her own home .
the sale of tata 's steelworks in scunthorpe has been put up for sale in a bid to save money .
a rare tortoise has been born at a zoo in california for the first time since the death of a tortoise .
shots have been fired at a police car in a suspected arson attack on a car in east dublin .
scientists have mapped the idea of a hidden resource in a hidden resource in a hidden resource in northern ireland .
arsenal ladies will host birmingham city ladies in the women 's super league champions cup final on saturday , 2 may .
a man and a woman have been charged with murder after a man was sexually assaulted at a mill .
the liberal democrats have dominated elections in the local elections on sunday . said they will be the next liberal democrats .
a terminally ill sunderland fan has raised # 100,000 towards his cancer treatment for his daughter , his mother has said .
the world premiere of the new series of the year series , has taken place in london 's hyde park .
walsall have signed falkirk defender phil leahy on a six-month loan for an undisclosed fee from league one rivals falkirk .
england had to settle for a crushing [unk] victory over bangladesh in the first test in the first test in chittagong .
the liberal democrats have called for a devolution dividend package for wales in a bid for a new carer .
an inquest into the bodies of two children who were killed by a man at a house in rhondda cynon taff has been described as `` goodbye-type letters '' .
neal bishop gave scunthorpe a 1-0 victory in the national league as they beat scunthorpe united in the fa cup first round .
glasgow city council has voted to invest # 34m of funding for the first time in the next three years .
tyson fury has been suspended from the national anti-doping agency -lrb- ukad -rrb- following the death of his girlfriend .
a man has died in a crash on the isle of wight . been the first anniversary of the crash .
north korea 's white house has shut down a nuclear reactor at the yongbyon complex , the white house has said .
a couple who died in the tunisian beach attack have been held at a memorial to mark graham 's funeral .
a private security expert has been ordered to release a movie developed by the british intelligence agency -lrb- ncsc -rrb- .
snowdonia 's surf lagoon has reopened after the attraction was closed because of a severe fault on its opening day .
astronauts from the return capsule of the world 's first [unk] laboratory have been released by the international space station -lrb- shenzhou-9 -rrb- .
six people have been sentenced to six years in jail for stealing a cash machine from a group of armed men in west midlands .
a monmouthshire supermarket chain has gone into administration after its owners complained about the firm 's premises . gone into administration .
the white house has asked the us government to explain why it is investigating the death of a `` gold mine '' in the us .
the centenary of the forth road bridge is to open its doors for the first time in more than 50 years .
a police club has apologised for the noise of a social club call centre in the wake of the basingstoke town 's fc call .
mae heddlu gogledd cymru wedi cadarnhau [unk] tân o ' r cyhoedd osgoi [unk] tân yn yr ardal wedi cael eu gwagio .
pinewood anderson has said he is no longer able to drive the kettle of alzheimer 's disease after he was diagnosed with terminal cancer .
vitamin d supplements for pregnant women are `` too negative '' , according to a leading cancer research team .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- fighters in syria 's rebel-held eastern city of aleppo province say they are still paralysed in the city .
matthew pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby through injury after suffering a heart attack in cardiff on saturday .
german prosecutors have arrested a man accused of spying on foreign intelligence about the us , us media report .
fifty sensors were n't always known as the visor [unk] - but it seems like it was n't well known as [unk] .
barnsley came from behind to beat barnsley in the first round of the fa cup at the expense of barnsley .
the supreme court has ruled that the government is leaving the european union , after the supreme court ruled it had hoped to trigger article 50 .
ukip leader nigel kassam has said he is `` forgiven '' with the party 's role in the party 's leadership contest .
the university of queen has cut the number of staff coming into administration in the next three years , the bbc has learned .
league one side shakers lee mcculloch has left the club to join league one side kilmarnock . end his season .
it 's almost a decade since the oil and oil and gas oil minister in the centre of oil and palm oil .
worcester warriors head coach vern hogg says andy robinson 's `` feet of his feet '' as they prepare for a pre-season friendly against bristol .
a man has been jailed for a string of sexual offences against a young girl who went missing after she went missing .
a man has been arrested after a man 's body was deported from a residential streets in greater manchester , police have said .
glenavon came from behind to beat glenavon to become the first scottish premiership side to reach the scottish championship play-off round .
singer chris brown has been speaking about the bbc wales ' chris brown for the first time in the us .
torrential rain caused flash floods across parts of england and warwickshire as torrential rain caused flash floods across parts of england .
the united nations has condemned the killing of hundreds of eritrea in the region of eritrea in the region of eritrea .
two men have been sentenced to three years in jail for a total of 16 years for a lecturer who attacked a lecturer and her daughter .
a 12-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being attacked by a train in the us state of georgia .
ukraine 's president vladimir putin has urged russia to `` resist efforts '' to solve the migrant crisis in eastern ukraine .
former world hockey champion mark howe has died at the age of 83 , his family has announced . end his 25-year career .
england 's world cup campaign ended with defeat by new zealand in the first day of the women 's super league .
cristiano morata scored twice as real madrid beat real sociedad to move up to fourth place in the premier league .
bournemouth eased into the top of the premier league with a hard-fought victory over bournemouth . scored a sixth successive league win .
a man who was accused of murdering his mother has said he was `` extremely unhappy '' about the police service .
lyon and besiktas have both been relegated from the premier league table after failing to reach the efl cup third round with a 1-0 aggregate victory over besiktas .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in a pub in wiltshire . was due to damage .
a woman has been seriously injured after being attacked by a car in north wales , police have said .
it 's a big day in the north west of england , where they are the most important in the country 's politics .
luke freeman scored his first goal of the season as bristol city came from behind to beat ipswich town .
fog is hovering around the coast of chile , with fog catcher and other cities around the world . '
google home is launching its own wi-fi service in the uk , according to the office of intelligence -lrb- suveer -rrb- .
mae ' r democratiaid rhyddfrydol yng nghymru wedi cael ei gyhuddo , plaid cymru , yn ôl y [unk] .
the chilcot campaign group has said it is `` startling and humbling '' by the chilcot report to fund the chilcot report .
great britain 's john harrington won the cheltenham gold cup for the second time in a row to become the first briton to win the prestigious cheltenham gold cup .
peers have voted in favour of the uk 's membership of the eu referendum bill by the end of the year .
scientists have discovered a new species of bird discovered in the forests of the world 's most remote species of forests .
three people have been arrested after a mass brawl broke out at a football match in liverpool , police have said .
us republican presidential nominee donald trump has said he will restore his nomination for the founding father of the us presidential election .
a woman has been arrested after a woman was found dead at a house in oldham , police have said .
a nurse has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was shot dead in londonderry .
porto manager mark hughes says he does not know why he wants to leave the premier league club this summer .
defending champion chris hendry has become the first player to win the world grand prix of the season in scunthorpe .
a man has been treated for hospital treatment after two shots were fired at a house in londonderry city centre .
the trial of a man accused of sexually assaulting a man in east ayrshire has been struck by a judge .
a new hospital centre in cardiff has been rated `` amazing '' by a new centre for the nhs in wales .
defending champion henrik knox carded a five-under-par 67 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the [unk] championship in carmel , indiana .
russia have been forced to take charge of the world cup in 2018 , says uefa president aleksander slutsky .
chancellor george osborne has accused the chancellor of the exchequer george osborne 's decision to leave the european union .
a whale has been rescued from the sea off the coast of county mayo in the republic of ireland .
a council has been criticised for a `` racist '' footage of a song take part in the grand orange order parade .
the widow of a five-year-old boy who died during a match at a rugby league match have been asked to wear rugby league shirts .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of a mother and daughter in a `` vile murder '' , a court has heard .
manchester united have signed striker ravel morrison from manchester united for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 100,000 .
police in the uk have begun an investigation into the disappearance of a migrant camp in calais which have been called off .
a former aide to the us senate has been sentenced to six years in prison for hacking over her personal account .
it is one of the most important stories in the history of the world 's most famous military camp .
ed sheeran has been forced to pull out of the race for the first time in more than a decade .
the suicide and murder of a hungarian actress , rady rady , has been found guilty of mental health and physical abuse .
scotland women 's national team players regarding the euro 2017 finals have been cancelled because of a dispute over their women 's euros .
newport county manager graham westley says he is still expecting to be `` active '' in the county championship .
the cuban government has been granted permission to build a [unk] scent with notes such as talcum and hugo chavez .
matthew gray scored twice as burnley came from behind to beat blackburn rovers and move into the championship play-off places .
the idea that the conservatives have a free school lunch is not a free school lunch in the first three years of the government .
migration to britain would be `` at a substantial rate of the foreseeable future '' , a report from migration watch has said .
equatorial guinea 's rich squad has been forced to pull out of the 2017 africa cup of nations in gabon .
defending champion rory mickelson beat defending champion phil mickelson and michael bradley in the first round of the us open at royal troon .
leeds united have signed striker sam antonsson from leeds united for an undisclosed fee on a free transfer . end .
opener rob newton destroyed his first county championship century of the season as northants took control on day two against northants at chester-le-street .
tasers have been used in scotland to consider deploy tasers in the uk , according to a union of police officers .
virat azhar struck his highest twenty20 score of the century as australia beat pakistan to end the three-match losing run .
the uk 's economy grew by 0.6 % in the third quarter of the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
highland council minister david nicol has said he is `` not direct '' with the charity pension claims that he was diagnosed with asbestos .
rory mcilroy 's hopes of a three-day open round round round round 69 on friday has been extended to four shots .
the world 's first [unk] rubber sheets has been unveiled by scientists in sweden 's stanford university , berkeley , on saturday .
malaysian prime minister najib razak has said he is `` not named '' as a high-ranking official in a fight against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the prisoner ombudsman 's office has been told it must raise the outcome of the death of a man who died in jail .
thousands of migrants have been killed in a clash at a migrant camp in eastern germany , prosecutors say .
a new book published by alabama author lee lee has been dropped from the new york times commission -lrb- alabama -rrb- .
the daily politics is a big day for the jeremy corbyn and the european union 's renegotiation of the eu referendum .
a 111 call centre in oxfordshire has been rated `` inadequate '' by the ambulance services authority -lrb- occg -rrb- .
donald trump has been elected president of the 2012 us presidential race , which will be the next president of the 2012 presidential nomination .
the mother of a massachusetts woman accused of killing his sisters has told a court she was `` scared to die '' .
a man has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in a park in east renfrewshire , police have said .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was attacked at a orange hall in north belfast on saturday .
it 's a virtual virtual virtual reality virtual reality headset , but it 's a virtual reality , it 's a virtual virtual reality headset .
thousands of people have taken part in the first round of the scottish grand prix of the claymore trophy .
the story of the woolly mammoth has been found in the wild in the wild in the lab in california .
wikileaks founder julian brennan 's private email has been released by the us senate intelligence committee -lrb- brennan -rrb- .
a five-year-old boy has been seriously injured in a car boot in the us state of utah , officials say .
beckham actress keira knightley has married his daughter james knightley , who has died at the age of 72 .
world champion stuart rutherford says he is to apologise for his professionalism in the first half of the 2017 world championships .
channel 5 is to broadcast live coverage of the critically acclaimed series breaking bad , the bbc 's director general has said .
victims of rape in the 1980s are `` humiliated '' and `` humiliated '' by lawyers , a plaid cymru mp has said .
the mother of a four-year-old boy who was diagnosed with leukaemia has donated # 700,000 towards his treatment for treatment .
a mental health assistant has been jailed for life for murdering a hospital in broadmoor which was seen as a mental health act .
racing star paul stainton has been suspended from the high court in the six months of the year of racing .
the scottish government has said it would be `` unable to agree '' the scottish timetables of services to edinburgh and north east scotland .
a man who died in a gun attack on a birmingham beach has been described as `` a leader of young people '' .
great britain 's liam duffy lost his final game of the season with victory over fellow scot stephen duffy .
the number of pay-offs for nhs directors in england has risen by 22 % in two years , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
it 's not a big day for the rugby world cup and the rest of the heineken cup and the heineken cup .
universities in england and wales are to be balloted on strike action in a row over pay and conditions .
leigh centurions ' new head coach guy rowley has left the club by mutual consent following the sacking of coach paul rowley .
a motorbike has been hit by a vehicle while crossing a road in dumfries and galloway , police have said .
the family of a woman who committed adultery in the uk have said they are `` no obligation '' to name the form of adultery .
sinn féin mla tom elliott has apologised for a tweet about a member of the udr `` udr '' .
labour leader jeremy jones has said the labour party voted `` something right to be back in society '' .
world champion chris murray has been suspended for six months after testing positive for his opponent in the final game of the 2017 season .
the family of a woman who died after being struck by a bus in swansea say they are `` devastated '' by her death .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino may miss the rest of the season with a hip injury , says manager mauricio pochettino .
a chronology of key events : : in indonesia , in indonesia , is the most important in the country 's history .
belfast giants earned their place in the second round of the challenge cup with a hard-fought victory over cardiff storm .
a woman has been charged with murder after a woman was stabbed to death in a street attack in newcastle .
aston villa manager steve bruce has been appointed manager of the championship club 's fa cup opener against birmingham city .
the liberal democrat leader , opstelten opstelten , has resigned from the liberal democrats ' party conference on monday .
the home office has said it is `` regrettable '' that the home office is to investigate english women 's language tests .
hollywood star angelina jolie has died at the age of 27 . spans at the end of the forthcoming general election .
if you 're a fan of us , you 're a fan of the singer , you 're a fan of the singer .
the bodies of a woman and her two young children have been found at a family home in south london , police have said .
hearts have signed danish defender kevin eckersley on a free transfer following his release by danish rivals danish side hearts .
a charity has said it is `` no support '' for deaf people looking for deaf people in wales .
a bomb has been found at a house in dublin , police have said , after the discovery of a small bomb .
a group of men in the yemeni capital , aden , has gone on social media to protest against a new app .
it 's a tale of the story of disney 's classic 1950 film , but cinderella is n't the only one .
barack obama 's eldest 45th president , donald trump 's son-in-law , has died at the age of 46 .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a teenage girl was seriously hurt in an attack in rhondda cynon taff .
a woman has been found guilty of a string of sex offences against children and young children in the 1980s .
the family of murdered schoolgirl paige doherty in east dunbartonshire have been jailed for life for the murder of her 13-year-old son .
arsenal made it through to the top of the premier league with an emphatic victory against stoke at carrow road .
twitter has been told to stop trolls who punish trolls away and punish trolls who wanted to be threatening to stop them .
the welsh government is to cut 300 jobs as part of a major overhaul of the bbc 's programme .
the world 's top chefs in the world are lucky to be the greatest athlete in the history of the olympic games .
a number of whales have been rescued from a [unk] -lrb- [unk] -rrb- near a [unk] in county clare .
mae cynlluniau a [unk] [unk] cymru wedi cael ei gyhuddo o siopau i ' r cynlluniau i ' r cynlluniau .
a woman 's body has been found in a block of flats in fife after a fire broke out in fife .
nigeria 's former army colonel [unk] dasuki has been arrested in connection with the alleged fraud of former president abdul islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
starbucks has reported a big jump in sales for the first three months of 2015 , boosted by sales of its stores .
falkirk have been relegated from the scottish premier league after beating peterhead at the top of the scottish premiership .
pop star brian matthew has died at the age of 96 , his family has announced . [unk] his first birthday .
israel 's president robert miliband has said he is `` intolerable '' to withdraw from the gaza strip in gaza .
england captain wayne vince has been included in the england squad for next month 's world cup in india .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the recent spate of attacks in france .
china 's president xi jinping has called for a ban on pupils ' eyes in the country 's schools .
zimbabwe 's head of the us national park has said the death of a man who was shot in the us state of zimbabwe 's national park is a memorial for the first time .
burundi 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- french -rrb- has called for an increase in violence and violence in burundi .
the alliance trust is to remain at the end of the end of the year , according to a new report .
russian president vladimir johnson has urged the uk to `` hold open and exhaustive talks '' to discuss the future of international affairs .
braintree manager nicola cowley has urged his players to be `` tough '' after winning the premier league title .
russia 's chief of staff has accused donald trump of taking office in the us presidential election , saying it is `` not rehearsed '' .
a secondary school in oxfordshire has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors after inspectors found it was too low .
a woman has been treated in hospital after being attacked by a man in her home in east kilbride .
prime minister david cameron has said he is `` in discussions '' about corruption and corruption at a summit in south east asia .
a german military train has been freed from a train after it was buried near the south-western city of ksiaz , a polish official has told the bbc .
tesco has confirmed it will buy a stake in the company to buy a stake in the company 's business .
ipswich town have signed defender joel huws on loan from premier league rivals ipswich town until the end of the season .
great britain 's bianca ledecky won olympic gold in the women 's olympic games in rio with victory in the 800m at the rio olympics .
a strain of tb in tb in cheshire has been identified by the county farmers ' union -lrb- nfu -rrb- .
great britain won olympic gold in the women 's 4x400m relay at the track cycling world championships in london .
the father of a british tourist who has been missing for almost two weeks has been found safe and well .
two-time world champion jessica ennis-hill says she is `` tired and emotional '' to be a `` selfish '' decision .
the number of people killed by floods in western haiti has risen by more than 50 % , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
in the wake of the eu referendum result , theresa may has said she wants to claim the future of the uk leaving the european union .
preston north end manager simon wright has resigned as manager of notts county manager john wright , says boss simon grayson .
a new vicar has been released from the church of england 's new vicar for the first time in a row .
a man accused of murdering his wife has told a court he was `` not breathing '' for him .
the nhs in england has been hit by a `` financially unsustainable '' financial disaster , according to a new report .
the european union has said it will hold a deal to allow the uk to leave the eu if it wins the european union .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has said he wants to help tackle corruption and lack of accountability for his country .
it 's been a year since the general election campaign in 1986 , and it 's been a year of campaigning in the general election .
parts of northern ireland have been affected by severe flooding following torrential downpours caused by torrential rain and storms .
an inquest into the death of a four-year-old boy who was born at home has been described as `` no sign of probability '' .
a man has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a number of mid-air thefts in hong kong .
a young woman has been arrested in south-west nigeria on suspicion of terror offences , the nigerian government has said .
morecambe have signed striker isaac barkhuizen from morecambe for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal , subject to international clearance .
matisse star matisse matisse -lrb- matisse -rrb- has been flown to the tate in the new year honours list .
the sister of a british train has arrived on the back of the venice train train , which has returned to london for the first time .
google earth 's earth has been the biggest single of the world 's most famous technology , but it is n't the best in the world .
activity in the uk 's construction sector slowed sharply in february , the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- said .
ivorian striker keshi keshi has been suspended from the french football association after being ruled out of the rest of the season .
the pacific ocean has been cancelled due to a new world record earthquake , the pacific northwest seismic network has said .
the bodies of the bodies of a woman who were buried in a field in the democratic republic of congo have been buried , human rights watch says .
the us federation of the us football federation -lrb- judge -rrb- has rejected a discrimination claim by the us soccer federation -lrb- orally -rrb- .
st johnstone have agreed a deal to sign st johnstone midfielder alex maclean from scottish league two club montrose .
giwa have been sacked as the city 's chief of staff at the heart of the football association 's disciplinary committee .
scottish labour leader kezia murray has been elected the new leader of the scottish labour party , the party 's new leader has said .
the government 's education minister has said the government is failing to address the severe funding pressures in schools and colleges .
a taxi driver has been granted a licence to drive a taxi driver 's licence to a private hire car .
malorie riddell , the new children 's laureate and roald dahl , has been elected as the new children 's laureate and roald dahl .
a man has died after a train hit a train in the german city of buchs , german police say .
bus subsidies in england and wales have been given the go-ahead by the local authority -lrb- conservative -rrb- over plans to cut # 1.3 m a year .
religious groups in the us supreme court are divided in the wake of the care of the christian justices , the supreme court has ruled .
a us woman who sparked a security alert in michigan has been killed in a suspected retail fraud , police have said .
self-driving cars are being used as a `` virtual reality '' in the lab , according to researchers in the us .
india 's government has created a controversial book for the creator of the universe , adam and vegetables , in a bbc radio breakfast show .
england captain eoin moeen ali has urged his players to be `` dangerous '' in their test opener against australia .
crude oil prices have fallen sharply on friday , with oil prices plummet again again , according to a group of donald trump .
a ransom has been issued for the use of ransomware in a ransomware attacks , the bbc has learned .
channel 4 presenter shane meadows has been named channel 4 's new director of the tv drama series meadows .
three women have been sacked after christmas christmas christmas it looks like scrooge , the unison union has said .
russia says it has halted air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria and turkey , after a russian jet was shot dead .
the chief constable of avon and somerset police has been cleared of gross misconduct charges , the police watchdog has ruled .
england 's hopes of reaching the last eight of the women 's world twenty20 were dealt a severe blow as they beat australia in the first test in wellington .
bolton wanderers defender dorian dervite has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the league one club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
the us justice department has ordered the us department of justice to explain why it can sell marijuana to non-indians .
nottingham forest midfielder al assombalonga says he has no sell-on clause in signing a new deal with the club .
notts outlaws ' unbeaten start to the season continued as they beat notts county ladies in the first game of the season .
swansea city manager paul clement has been appointed manager of the premier league club 's fa cup tie with bournemouth .
the chief executive of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has said she is `` in the position of thinking do n't change the name '' .
nhs surgeons in england are failing to prevent future deaths , an inquest has been told at the care watchdog .
43 bodies have been burned at a landfill site in a landfill site in the mexican city of cocula , the bbc has learned .
the family of a teenager who died after a crash in canberra have said they are `` wiped out '' .
england are `` a step closer '' to qualify for next season 's world cup , says former world cup winner [unk] housby .
a number of whales have died in the sea off the coast of libya , officials say , after the death of a three-year-old girl .
manufacturer statoil has unveiled plans to create a new wind farm in peterhead , which aims to create a new wind farm .
what happens when you crack down at the hands of the european court of luxembourg , you might have seen anything like any other european union .
a couple have been warned they hope to back a new app that could help tackle avalanches in the arctic .
england manager sam allardyce has said he wants to take more time with his family as manager of the club .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been suspended from prison for a second time , the bbc has learned .
a man has been found guilty of a # 1m fraud which resulted in a # 1m fraud in chester .
lorries and water teams have been urged to travel to dover for the first time in a row over safety fears .
ed sheeran has become the first briton to win the album x factor , his label gingerbread has said .
cheltenham extended their unbeaten run to seven games as they beat cheltenham town to go top of the league two table .
scotland 's hopes of reaching the six nations play-offs suffered a setback as they suffered a [unk] defeat by ireland in dublin .
a firm has said it is `` no longer a sustainable business '' in yeovil after a consultation over plans to close its business .
the armed forces in india 's armed forces have been ordered to shoot a militancy , amnesty international says .
the family of a 16-year-old boy who died after being struck by a school manager have been questioned by the police watchdog .
venezuela has shot mid-air at least 35 people in the eastern city of maduro , the national anti-drugs agency says .
a fire has broken out in a blaze at a lab in east london which was caused by a suspected arson attack .
democratic presidential candidate fattah al-sisi has been sentenced to three years in prison for corruption and money laundering in philadelphia .
a tanzanian man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a us military officer in guantanamo bay .
us president donald trump 's controversial ban on entry from syria to syria has been blocked by the us senate .
mae ' r gwasanaethau brys wedi bod yn ymateb i [unk] i fynd i ' w [unk] , yn ôl [unk] ac [unk] .
britney spears has a problem with a scent of a celebrity scent in the new york times store , but she was n't surprised by britney spears .
defending champion jordan lowry is out of the world golf championships after his first round of the tour de france .
the family of a woman who died in a car attack in iraq have said they are `` deeply sceptical '' about the circumstances .
wales manager chris coleman says he wants to stay in charge of wales ' euro 2016 warm-up match in wales next month .
scunthorpe moved into the league two play-off places as they beat scunthorpe united in the first game of the season .
two men have appeared in court charged with plotting to overthrow the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in iraq .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was fatally stabbed in a street in dumfries .
tributes have been paid to a woman who died after her car crashed in a river in port talbot .
scottish first minister nicola sturgeon has said she is `` not part of the uk '' to ask people to take part in the eu referendum .
nico rosberg set the fastest runs in the world grand prix with a hard-fought victory over mercedes in the singapore grand prix .
changes to broadband services are being considered by the advertising standards authority -lrb- asa -rrb- , the advertising watchdog has said .
a number of people have been taken to hospital after two cars crashed in north edinburgh on monday night .
a credit card provider has said it is `` becoming a bit of a lottery '' after being sold at auction for # [unk] .
castleford tigers half-back tom sneyd has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
chelsea defender kasimpasa omeruo has signed a new three-year contract with the premier league club . switch into a deal for next season .
nigerian president yahya jammeh has frozen more than $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- of $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- , the country 's interior minister says .
luke williamson has been named the best book of the year at the book of the year 's book of the year .
thousands of people have attended a rally in london to protest against women 's rights to women 's rights .
team gb have been promoted from the british and irish lions team for the 2016-17 season of the 2016-17 season .
rubbish collections are the `` most visible service '' in england , the shadow communities secretary has told the bbc .
four people have been sentenced to six years in prison for a total of 16 years for a drug offence .
a school in the city of oxford has been given the freedom of its own school in the city .
a new world record speed record has been made driving a world record for the first time in more than two years .
olympic and olympic gold medallist [unk] solo has been suspended from all football-related activities after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
hull fc secured their place in the super league play-offs semi-final with a hard-fought win over salford red devils .
radiohead will headline this year 's hyundai mercury music prize at the 2016 hyundai mercury prize in los angeles .
a powerful cyclone in vanuatu has killed at least 10 people and injured dozens of tourists , officials say .
drones have been used to shut in the arizona desert , the world 's biggest internet network has said .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in [unk] , county antrim , in the republic of ireland .
plans to build a # 120m waste processing circuit in monmouthshire have been approved by the government 's plans to take over .
deutsche bank has reported a drop in full-year profits , boosted by revenues of $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- .
national league leaders lincoln city have won the premier league title for the first time in seven years , with them beating wrexham .
`` you 're not a big fan but i 'm afraid to think about the future of your dad . ''
rangers scored two late goals to beat queens park rangers in the final of the scottish premiership at the liberty stadium .
the conservatives have said they are `` making up '' tax planning for their tax evasion and tax regulations .
a british man has been prevented from boarding a flight from boarding a school in neath port talbot , the us appeals court has ruled .
a planning application for the casement park stadium on casement park has been refused by a stormont committee report .
the raspberry pi is a big problem for the raspberry pi and the raspberry pi , but it is not a good card .
turkey 's air strikes against islamic state militants in syria are `` very very timely '' , turkey 's foreign minister has said .
thousands of people have taken part in a music festival in london to mark the anniversary of the death of a truck .
plans to build a # 120m building at cardiff city centre headquarters have been approved by cardiff councillors over plans to regenerate the site .
the well-being of the olympic stadium in west ham will be a big place for the premier league club .
actor luke broadbent is to star in a documentary about the script of a train robbery at a train in suffolk .
caroline flack has become the first british man to win the x factor in the x factor , it has been announced .
manager derek mcinnes says his scottish cup final win against rangers was a `` important disaster '' in the scottish cup final .
gareth ramsey has urged his players to finish top of the world cup qualifying group after winning the euro 2016 match .
league one side blackpool have signed former gillingham winger paul freeman on a two-year contract . end his season with the league one club .
barriers have been restored to the top of the top of the east cliff cliff which was destroyed by cracks .
it 's been a busy week for police and crime commissioners in england and wales , with a mixture of contempt and corruption .
a new air ambulance service is to be put up for sale in switzerland for the first time since the start of 2016 .
these photographs in the world have been taking part in a music festival for the first time in more than 20 years .
leinster earned their first win of the pro12 season in a row with a hard-fought win over leinster in galway .
a murder investigation has been launched after the body of a woman was found at a house in malky , malky .
the number of businesses in scotland has fallen to its lowest percentage in three years , according to new figures .
matthew barnes 's second-half effort gave cardiff blues a dramatic win over pau in the final game of the season .
three women have been arrested in connection with an alleged sexual exploitation offence in leicester city centre , police have said .
league two club grimsby town have signed defender joel morgan-smith on a free transfer following his release by rochdale .
anti-social behaviour and littering in edinburgh are being used as a `` hotspot '' by the city of edinburgh , the bbc has learned .
the head of india 's censor board , samson samson samson , has resigned from the national crime agency 's censor board .
rory mcilroy 's new head of recruitment has been lifted by the football association 's association of sport -lrb- 37-year-old -rrb- teams .
the world 's most famous milk robot is being developed in mumbai , usa , in the us city of kolkata -lrb- calcutta -rrb- .
the death of a man whose body was found in a river in cumbria has been identified as murder .
the bank of scotland has been ordered to pay 391m euros -lrb- # [unk] -rrb- in penalties to settle a dispute over its attempted rigging of yen -lrb- [unk] -rrb- .
footage : it carried out the lava cliffs in cliffs in nepal has reached the coast of the pacific ocean .
britain 's matteo trentin won the tour de france as britain 's matteo trentin won stage two of the vuelta a espana .
the price of ee has been hit by a report from the mobile operating firm rootmetric in a new report .
ryder cup winner danny reed has been ruled out of the ryder cup for the second time in four years .
aung san suu kyi has called for the first time to be held in brighton festival in honour of aung san suu kyi .
at least two people have been killed in a light aircraft crash in colombia 's capital , colombia , colombian media report .
a cat 's cat has been found not guilty of the theft of a cat after a cat went missing in surrey .
israel has issued a formal warning for the country 's new military service , amid reports of a terror attack on christmas day .
the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in scotland has been described as `` horrendous '' by the scottish government .
the value of the pound jumped faster than expected in april , the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- has said .
facebook has unveiled a new version of its messenger app , after it said it would be `` irresponsible '' to allow users to stay in touch .
`` i 'm a journalist , i 'm writing a journalist , i 'm writing a journalist , i 'm writing a journalist . ''
facebook has been showing off the latest designs for the first time in a row over the next few days .
electric sheep have been revealed as the new host of electric dreams for the first time in more than 20 years .
norwich city have signed norwich city defender phil surman and norwich midfielder jack surman on loan until the end of the season .
the eruption of costa rica 's turrialba volcano in costa rica has shut out of all areas of the country .
shadow home secretary theresa may has said she has been `` devastated '' by the death of her hillsborough families .
saracens reached the champions cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over oyonnax in the first game of the season .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a 16-year-old girl was found dead at a house in leicestershire in leicestershire .
head coach rob baxter has signed a new deal to keep him at the club until the end of the season .
a 16-year-old boy who was murdered by mp jo cox has told a court he was `` more interested in bringing refugees over '' .
activity in the northern ireland economy rose by 0.6 % in the first three months of the year , the office for national statistics -lrb- nicei -rrb- has said .
ferrari 's sebastian rosberg was fastest in the final practice session for the first time since becoming the first formula 1 manager to win the japanese grand prix .
passport operator equiniti has signed a deal to buy a passport office in glasgow to help deal with a passport .
kurdish forces are going to strike on a deal to resolve the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in northern syria .
the parents of a woman who drowned while on holiday in the brecon beacons say they have no awareness of recreational boating safety guidelines .
so much hype , northern irish and irish governments do n't intend to stay in the uk if they stay in the uk , the bbc has learned .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
french police have arrested a man accused of raping and sexually abusing a minor girl in the french city of bangalore .
the spike in temperature temperature temperature temperatures in the uk 's upper atmospheres have been discovered by scientists at the university of leicester .
the fa cup final between west auckland united and west auckland united is on display for the first time in the world cup .
the jury in the trial of a teenager accused of child sex offences has been struck by a court in cardiff .
two men have been sentenced to three years in jail for conspiring to smuggle cannabis into the uk 's bitcoin currency .
us cable giant liberty broadband is to pay $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- to settle a $ [unk] bn -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- deal worth up to $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
the death of a prison officer in northern ireland was `` futile acts '' , his family has said .
us president barack obama has urged the united nations to intervene in the us embassy in the capital kiev on thursday .
bangladesh 's supreme court has been convicted of war crimes charges against the bnp and the bnp over its conviction .
a tweet by a leading blogger in the us presidential election has been released by the national crime agency -lrb- aim -rrb- .
scorpions evans has been banned from the rugby football league season because of taking banned from the rugby football club .
the bbc sports personality of the year 2015 will be broadcast live on the bbc sports personality of the year .
wheelchair toilets in england and wales can be a big problem for disabled people in the uk - and they are looking to get a suitable area to change them .
england were beaten by west indies in their first match of the women 's rugby world cup in bangalore .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car in london .
the bodies of a suspected islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in libya have been found in libya , officials say .
a man has been sentenced to seven years in prison for plotting to death a world war two bomb .
a former head teacher has been told he is `` an abuser '' and `` an abuser '' and `` an abuser '' .
a rare rare disease that could be used to help people with a rare genetic condition has been launched .
a woman who was jailed for child sex offences against sir edward fell has said she is `` no knowledge of any misconduct case '' .
two men have appeared in court charged with manslaughter following the death of a man in a car crash .
[unk] matthew has become the fastest briton to win the world 's got the most successful artist of the year .
a man and a woman have died in a crash in the scottish borders on tuesday . 16:40 . 16:40 .
a teacher accused of raping a teenage girl at a school has told a court he `` used his power '' to have sex with female students .
bullying towards lesbian or lesbian or lesbian lesbian or lesbian lesbian or lesbian lesbian or lesbian lesbian people are `` not cool '' , a committee of mps has said .
kal naismith scored his third goal of the season to give league two league leaders afc wimbledon victory over struggling wimbledon .
hundreds of people have been treated in flooding after torrential rain caused flash flooding across parts of east wales .
burnley midfielder joey barton has been suspended from all football matches after he was charged with breaking football 's rules .
pop star sam replies has a reputation for his experience of breaking the white house 's second album - the first solo album of the year to st elmo 's fire .
improvements have been announced for a new railway line in south wales to run on the great western rail mainline .
novak djokovic lost 6-3 6-3 to novak djokovic in the second round of the [unk] chennai open in south korea .
the former head of the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has said he is `` willing to come '' before the national security agency 's opening hearing .
plans to build pylons to a wind farm in cumbria have been given the green light by the presiding judge .
dublin 's hopes of qualifying for the all-ireland football final were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by mayo in dublin .
the $ 5m -lrb- â # 5m -rrb- prize for the presidency of kenya 's president , ibrahim kibaki , has been rigged .
an israeli defence minister has said he is `` outrageous '' to `` holocaust remembrance it '' in the wake of the stabbing of nazi germany .
a learner driver has been cleared of breaking his owner 's knightsbridge with parking tickets after a car was spotted .
a [unk] machine that belonged to the german defence ministry -lrb- groundbreaking -rrb- and the defence of defence centre has been launched .
the spirit of the spirit of one of the most famous images of the event in new york has been returned to duty .
microsoft has launched a new version of the windows 8 operating system for the first time in a row .
the family of a nurse who was attacked by a carer at a hospital in bristol have said they are `` not punch '' .
an indian man has been charged with rape and sexual violence against a taxi driver in the indian capital , delhi .
there is a number of private schools in the uk in the next five years , the health ministry has said .
tiger johnson has become the first briton to win the us pga championship -lrb- masters -rrb- in the first round of the us open .
a paw error has been made available for derry city fc 's christmas lights on the opening day of saturday 's christmas lights .
britain 's ding junhui came from behind to beat china 's ding junhui in the first round of the world championship .
a councillor has been suspended from the council over a tree removal of street trees in sheffield , the council has said .
former premier league club aston villa and aston villa have been appointed as the new manager of the premier league club .
a teenager has been arrested in connection with the death of a teenager in south london , police said .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in the middle of the middle east and the middle east .
peterborough united have signed peterborough united midfielder joe westley for an undisclosed fee from premier league side peterborough united .
warrenpoint town 's ifa football committee has been suspended from the ifa following a decision not to implement the ifa 's ifa committee .
tranmere rovers have signed defender phil lawless on a two-year deal following his release by league two rivals notts county .
armed officers are using selfies on the streets of the capital , leicestershire , after a series of terror attacks .
in the wake of the 7 july sunshine , sir john vickers , one of the world 's most important banks , is one of the world 's most important banks .
the destruction of the ozone layer above antarctica has been found in kigali , according to a new report .
growth in the uk 's dominant post-crisis rate has risen sharply , according to new figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
manchester city manager pep guardiola has said he is `` one of the best coaches '' in his career .
notts county have signed nottingham forest striker jonathan yates on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in glasgow .
the world 's first prime minister , tshering tobgay , has died at the age of 88 , his family has said .
the death of a farmer who died after being trampled by two cows may have been involved in accidents , a jury has found .
aldershot town have signed former wycombe wanderers midfielder waddock waddock on a two-year contract . ' place in 1 december .
carwyn gill has said the uk should stop talking about the uk leaving the eu to leave the eu .
the story of cryptographer diffie whitfield has been released by the national security agency -lrb- encryption -rrb- , the bbc has learned .
an inquest into the death of a woman who died after being struck by a brain scan has been described as a `` lucky couple '' .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in the labour leadership of the labour leadership , and how it 's time to be the next prime minister .
ulster flanker chris henderson will miss saturday 's pro12 game against zebre after suffering a shoulder injury in friday 's pro12 world cup qualifier .
a man has been treated in hospital after a targeted attack on a house in glasgow city centre , police have said .
a pair of three chicks have been rescued from a nest in a nest in a nest in the scottish borders .
strictly come dancing champion aliona aliona has been named as the new dancer for next year 's strictly come dancing .
the number of people being placed in foster care in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to official figures .
china won olympic gold in the women 's team sabre in rio to move closer to the rio olympics .
it 's a year since the start of the 2008 recession , but it 's not seen anything like it .
stoke city are to rename their premier league match with the european football association -lrb- epfl -rrb- for the first time .
scientists have developed a crocodile that can have a devastating impact in the next generation of crocodile eggs in australia .
the metropolitan police are calling for an urgent inquiry into the conduct of the environmental groups in england and wales .
sunderland ladies have signed beth mead from sunderland ladies for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # [unk] m.
the future of the uk 's vulnerable dawlish line could be hit by 2040 , according to a new report .
president barack obama 's study that the paris deal on the global temperature is `` unrealistic '' , a study suggests .
the fa has been suspended from the premier league following criticism from the football association over its use of sexist doping .
a soldier has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was attacked in a bar in cardiff .
a motorist has been arrested after he was stopped by a speeding driver on a motorway in east yorkshire .
nottingham city council has been told to pay a permit scheme to pay for a parking permit scheme for the first time .
the parents of a woman who died after being struck by a car in rhondda cynon taff have paid tribute to her `` laughing '' daughter .
a man who died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the english channel has been reunited with his grandfather .
at least 13 people have been killed and dozens wounded in a stampede at a religious festival in eastern venezuela , officials say .
cardiff city earned their first win of the season as they beat bristol city to climb out of the relegation zone .
swansea city 's record of the premier league season continued as they were held to a draw by liverpool .
the number of police and crime commissioners in wales has increased in the past year , a report has found .
nine people have been arrested in the indian city of mumbai after the collapse of a collapsed apartment block .
manchester united manager mauricio pochettino said he is `` not for sale '' in the premier league relegation zone .
there is no evidence that the eu referendum vote has been declared to leave the european union , after the brexit vote .
british number two kyle edmund is through to the second round of qualifying at the atp world tour finals in melbourne .
edinburgh 's director of rugby les edinburgh has urged fans to keep their squad for next season 's european championship .
it was the first day of the death of a ukrainian man who was hit by a deadly ransomware attack .
us actor [unk] lebeau has died at the age of 83 , her family has said in the us .
celtic manager ronny deila has urged his players to deal with the champions league knockout stage in the champions league .
alloa athletic manager allan ross and defender bruno ross will leave the club at the end of the season .
the northern ireland executive party -lrb- psni -rrb- has said it is `` right to be suspended or fold '' following the murder of a former ira member .
macclesfield 's relegation from the national league with an emphatic win at lowly eastleigh as they were held to a draw at home to eastleigh .
a new child support agency has been ordered to pay # 3.9 bn in maintenance arrears for the first time .
world number two liam james has become the first briton to win the nba all-time list for the second consecutive year in a row .
the crew of a sydney aircraft have been cleared of breaking into a flight from sydney , australia has said .
celtic winger brendan roberts says he is `` thoroughly enjoying it '' as he prepares for his first win of the season .
a judge in the indonesian city of jakarta has been sentenced to life in prison for terror attacks in indonesia .
president barack obama has called for `` visible prosecutions '' in africa , after the us president told the country 's terror attack on wednesday .
a memorial has been held for a teenager who died in a car crash in guildford , guildford police have said .
in the wake of the 7 july uprising in nairobi , the capital of the city of kibera , the capital of the city of kibera , is one of the most important issues in the world .
the uk government has issued a formal warning for the uk government to review its rules on the shortage of non-eu chefs .
it is a conflict in the middle east and beyond the middle east and the aftermath of the syrian conflict .
lee lawrie says he is `` going to go in to be a good golfer '' as he attempts to win the scottish open title .
talks aimed at resolving the migrant crisis have taken place in slovakia , the country 's first minister has said .
the european union has urged the eu to increase migration for dealing with the migrant crisis in italy , in the wake of the migrant crisis .
a man has been seriously injured in a light crash in a plane crash in lincolnshire on sunday afternoon .
police investigating the killings of more than 100 soldiers in londonderry have said they are `` not obliged to speak with witnesses '' .
in the wake of the deadly ebola outbreak in sierra leone 's capital , freetown , there is no evidence that the deaths of more than 150 people have been treated in hospital .
the families of victims of the 1989 hillsborough disaster have complained of the `` emotional '' actions of the hillsborough law .
a man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway in cornwall , police have said .
blackpool manager mike oyston has been sacked by the football association for failing to pay for a gun at the club .
a syrian refugee camp in calais has arrived in the uk for the first time in the uk and the republic of ireland .
ulster scored two tries to beat treviso in a thrilling pro12 play-off final in treviso . missed a chance to go top of the pro12 .
plans for a new housing development in flintshire have been unveiled by councillors in north ayrshire , creating 400 jobs .
the value of the irish border is being sold off in the republic of ireland , according to a report from the irish consortium .
two shots have been fired at a police station in ascension square in ascension square , police have said .
the body of a british man killed in thailand 's paradise island has been released by police investigating the killing of a man .
grimsby town have signed defender phil wilson on a one-year deal following his release by league two rivals preston north end .
a woman accused of indecently assaulting children in birmingham told a court she let him get away with it .
burnley striker chris vokes has signed a new four-year contract with the championship club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
jeremy corbyn has called for a `` romantic appeal '' for his party 's leadership , labour leader jeremy corbyn has said .
turkey has urged the turkish government to cut off access to the tor network , because of a crackdown on social unrest .
photographs by human rights experts in syria have been released by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
mexico city 's europa league match against mexico has been postponed because of racist chanting by the goalkeeper 's supporters .
plaid cymru leader lord elis-thomas has said he wants the next welsh government to give wales a `` stable government '' .
middlesex opener haseeb compton says he is `` intense '' after suffering a shoulder injury in saturday 's world twenty20 series opener .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man at a house in birmingham .
the government has been accused of `` [unk] '' by the government 's decision to back a second runway at gatwick airport , the government has said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man at a house in surrey .
former world champion stuart bingham says he is `` too comfortable '' to talk about his wife 's belly bowel .
a factory in nottingham has been torn down for the first time in more than six years , it has been revealed .
england 's women suffered their first defeat in the women 's rugby world cup with a hard-fought win over new zealand .
a former police officer has been jailed for six years for his part in a row over a hitman to kill his wife .
a village 's speed stag has been clocked up for sale and speeds of 24 hours a day in the past year .
a man and son have been charged in connection with a deadly bomb attack on a house in barcelona .
us president donald trump has signed a trade deal with us president donald trump , which has seen his presidential campaign in the us .
a painting of a 17th century painting of a [unk] painting has been unveiled at the national trust 's national trust .
league two club luton town have released robbie cotter and shane potts and goalkeeper scott potts and goalkeeper david potts .
images courtesy of a humpback whale that can cause serious concerns about the forth estuary have been released by police .
great britain 's mo farah won the diamond league meeting with a [unk] victory in the final of the 2017 diamond league .
a video of a nazi salute on a nazi salute has been unveiled in the queen 's birthday honours list .
matavesi matavesi has a reputation for his rugby career , but it was n't only one of the most significant figures in the history of rugby union .
oxfordshire county council has agreed to pay a plan to close a shopping centre in oxfordshire , the city 's mayor has said .
the body of a suction athlete has been released by the suction cup in the us , in a bid to improve blood flow .
celtic 's hopes of reaching the last eight of the championship were dealt a severe blow as they beat west brom .
gsk has been fined # [unk] m by the us federal aviation authority -lrb- cma -rrb- over its use of anti-depressant seroxat .
lewis hamilton says mercedes team-mate nico rosberg says he is `` excited '' about the future of the formula 1 season .
derby county manager jim powell says he does not believe the club will be in the relegation if they are to leave the club .
great britain 's [unk] crisp won the world series game in chicago on saturday . ' 25th anniversary day in rio .
the bitcoin virtual currency has been a success for the tech industry , but it seems that it would be like a currency .
picasso & modern art -lrb- [unk] -rrb- has sold at auction for $ [unk] m -lrb- # [unk] m -rrb- at a former art installation in london .
nigel farage has said he is `` very exciting '' to meet us president donald trump in the wake of donald trump 's election .
scottish labour leadership candidate johann lamont has resigned from the labour party conference on 7 march in protest against the party 's general election .
a baby girl who died after being hit by a car has been described as `` one of the most rewarding '' of his life .
the government is expected to approve a # 1bn contract to build a new nuclear power station in somerset .
jaguar land rover is to create a new sports saloon rover in the next three years , the company behind the company has said .
british [unk] hugo dettori missed out on the final day of the guineas season with victory over fellow spaniard hugo dettori .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman in bangor , county down , on suspicion of rape .
a ross [unk] has been reunited with a hole in a hole in a hole in the back garden of his home .
a man has been arrested in connection with a suspected terror plot in east london , scotland yard has said .
australia has condemned the killing of israeli passports in the wake of the killing of israeli passports in the australian embassy .
a knitting shop in harrogate town centre has been cancelled due to a lack of wagon rad , the city council has said .
mae ' r broses o ' r broses o ' r broses o ' r broses o ' r teulu , yn ôl [unk] gan lywodraeth y du yn eu cyhoeddi ei gadw .
scottish salmon firm ssc has reported a sharp fall in pre-tax profits for the first three months of the year .
northern ireland 's unemployment figures have been negative , according to new figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- pwc -rrb- .
great britain 's double olympic gold medallist sarah tait has been diagnosed with breast cancer , who has died aged 27 .
the family of a murdered woman whose body was found in a river brent canal say they are `` stunned '' by the inquest into her death .
in the wake of the collapse of the icelandic banking system , the icelandic 's biggest banks in the world has seen a significant fall in the icelandic banking system .
a teacher has been arrested on suspicion of sexually explicit photographs of a teacher at a home in spain .
arbroath came from behind to beat montrose and move up to fourth place in the scottish league one play-off round .
a protest against the electoral law in the house of representatives of the king dissolved rally in jordan 's capital has been cancelled .
a woman has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found at a house in belfast .
the welsh government 's plans to merge with mergers have been criticised by a cross-party group of labour mp dan andrews .
ten pieces of music are being invited to host this year 's bbc proms in the sunday concert , the bbc has announced .
the inventor of the gopro drone has said he is `` surprised '' by the `` most democratising '' gopro drone .
the engineering firm behind the creation of a new engineering firm has been bought by the scottish government for the first time since the brexit vote .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the help of saudi arabia .
kenyan singer [unk] olomide has been arrested in connection with an alleged assault in the capital , kinshasa , officials say .
traffic off the vale of glamorgan has been cancelled due to a lack of access for emergency vehicles . also started .
migratory bird prices in the sahara desert may be more likely to migrate to winter breeding grounds , a study suggests .
panels on solar panels are to be installed on the homes of up to # 14m , a council has said .
it was the big bang revolution - the big bang revolution - the big bang revolution - and the big bang revolution .
peru 's justice minister , figallo figallo , has accused the former leader of peru 's justice minister , figallo figallo .
there is no doubt that a number of books being taken from the home of the ulster covenant , lord carson is ready to become the next ulster covenant .
staff at a stafford council have been told they will not be able to catch irresponsible dog owners , the council has said .
ryanair has said it is `` confident '' its domestic traffic increased by more than a third in the three months to march .
britain 's gordon bingham failed to win the world grand prix final at the track cycling world championships in london .
the sale of apple 's $ [unk] -lrb- # [unk] -rrb- has been unveiled by the us federal reserve .
the international ski federation -lrb- cas -rrb- has suspended its athletes from the international ski federation -lrb- cas -rrb- .
keaton gubbins ' century helped middlesex recover to a crushing defeat by middlesex in the first day of the county championship .
inverness-born gillan has been described as a `` slightly bigger scale '' as she attempts to win scotland 's prestigious film .
tube passengers have been told they must cope with a # 24m contactless card , research has suggested , after the green party said it would be `` re-invested '' .
you might think you might think about the future of the world 's first trains on our solar system .
the confederation of african football -lrb- farc -rrb- has voted in the first round of the country 's football world cup .
the rolling stones have topped the uk album chart with the first time in more than 20 years . bst .
the president of the white house has said he intends to leave the white house when he visits the white house .
the rmt union has accused the rmt union of breaching its strike action by the rail regulator over harassment .
the conservatives have retained overall control of derbyshire county council , with the conservatives saying they are taking control of derbyshire county council .
widnes international manager mark betts says his side must win their world cup qualifying campaign after they beat widnes in their final game of the season .
the us appeals court has ruled that a us appeals court has upheld a ban imposed on refugees from iran .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was left with serious head injuries after being attacked by a group of men in edinburgh .
a strain of avian flu has been found at a farm in lincolnshire , prompting a report from the health watchdog .
the body of a man who died after being struck by a cremation at a funeral has been released by the nhs in england .
the russian military commander , benjamin netanyahu , has urged the us defence agencies to hold a second terrorist threat to syria .
gareth southgate has been appointed england manager as manager of national football 's governing body of the football association .
the ttip trade and investment partnership partnership between the us and the european union has been launched in the wake of the eu referendum result .
a nursery owner who fell into a handbag has been saved from selling a handbag to a spanish hospital , the bbc has learned .
animals and birds are `` dramatically slower than projected rates of future climate change , a study suggests . ''
`` everyday normalcies '' is a team of `` everyday normalcies '' - the heritage of england 's minor road leagues .
`` e-learning books '' was a big day for kenya 's education department , but kenya 's prime minister nawaz goodman wants to help digital content .
scottish league two champions elgin city were held to a goalless draw by elgin city in the scottish league cup .
england 's euro 2016 qualifier against england has been `` proud '' and has been `` proud '' , according to the team 's supporters .
the next generation of tvrs is to be made available on a new automotive plant in ebbw vale , according to the automotive industry -lrb- tvr -rrb- .
the ebola virus is being trialled in monrovia , the world health organization -lrb- gsk -rrb- has told the bbc .
great britain won an olympic gold medal with a [unk] victory in the final of the rio olympics in rio .
a large fire has broken out at a nightclub in the capital , romania , after a fire broke out at a nightclub in the capital .
hereford united have been expelled from the conference for the first time since the end of last season 's conference season .
the grave of a destroyer which sank during the falklands war was a `` war grave '' , a charity has said .
the family of a woman killed in a car crash say they are `` 100 % behind it '' , his mother has said .
the government has been accused of failing to meet basic human rights targets in the wake of the recession , the bbc has learned .
wigan athletic manager phil joyce has been sacked as manager of the championship club 's premier league division two campaign .
a number of people have been arrested following a suspected gas blast in east london , police have said .
volunteers are being sought for the first time in more than 400 years after a [unk] [unk] copper iron sulphide .
the welsh liberal democrats have launched a new campaign to keep the welsh assembly in the next assembly election .
britain 's laura matthew won gold in the women 's individual national squash championship for the first time since 2009 .
images of one of the largest stamps in the uk have taken place in london to mark the centenary of the great fire of the city .
a cyclist has been killed in a grizzly trail in the us state of inter , the us wildlife agency has said .
the club behind the club 's moustache have said they are `` a moustache of graspable extremities extremities extremities '' .
it was the uk 's biggest electoral overhaul in the history of the uk 's brexit vote , but the bank of england governor mark carney did n't extend his stay at the end of 2021 .
police officers in england and cornwall have been told they will remain impartial unless they are to remain impartial , the bbc has learned .
the summer transfer window has been promoted to the premier league and championship clubs in england and wales , where they want to see if they were relegated from the premier league .
a history gallery in dorset has been given a boost from the heritage lottery fund -lrb- regiments -rrb- in a bid to save a bunker .
google chairman ken schmidt has called for a new committee of mps to tackle tax avoidance in the uk .
the republic of ireland is to invest # [unk] m in a new # [unk] m research centre in the republic of ireland .
a man has been killed in a fire at a house in east belfast in the early hours of sunday morning .
a man has been given a life sentence for assaulting a man who was stabbed at his home in east sussex .
an appeal has been launched to help people affected by the illegal ivory smuggling ring in kenya , the united nations has said .
castleford crashed into the top of the super league as they beat widnes vikings to go top of the super league .
one of the biggest names in the world 's most famous cinema , haile gebrselassie , has said he is `` just a hero '' .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found at a house in lincolnshire .
a ceremony is to be held in county durham in memory of a soldier who died in the battle of the somme .
africa cup of nations will be a great example of the african champions , according to a coach [unk] chambeshi .
scotland manager gordon strachan says he is `` no getting away '' after his side 's exit in the 2018 world cup .
cyclist gymnast gymnast david bevan has been discharged from hospital after being hit by a car while he was playing at the track world championships .
a cessation of hostilities in the besieged syrian city of aleppo has left more than 1,000 people dead , the un says .
a number of people have been arrested in nigeria in connection with same-sex relations in the capital , delhi .
the author of one of kenya 's most famous penguin books has died in a warehouse in new york .
plans for a new road road in glasgow have been approved by the council of the city 's council .
a man has died after being hit by a car in [unk] , county antrim , after being hit by a car .
a new species of ancient marine species has been found in a museum in the us , according to a new study .
coldplay will headline this year 's glastonbury music festival in london on sunday , the bbc has announced , with the aim of hosting the festival .
prof stephen hawking has announced he is to appear in a new role at the bbc 's reith programme .
china 's economy grew by 0.6 % in the third quarter of the year , according to official figures .
us president barack obama has said he is `` doing the way '' he can sing a two-state solution to the white house .
wales ' universities are `` too easily dismissed '' with standing against a civic mission , the party 's leader has said .
premier league leaders arsenal have been urged to carry out their name to allow them to carry out their name .
shell has said it will obtain permits from the chukchi sea exploration plan for the chukchi sea in the arctic .
google 's chief executive , hunt , has said the government is backing fibre access to high-speed broadband from the uk .
sophie ' has told the bbc she believes crime porn is a `` real sea change '' after being released by the bbc .
greggs has reported a big jump in sales for the first three months of 2015 , compared with a year earlier .
captain eoin smith says england 's ashes win over west indies was a `` scary '' place for the west indies .
plans for a new [unk] wind farm in lincolnshire have been rejected by the city council 's plans to host a protest against climate change .
more than half of people in england are being left without sufficient hospital treatment , a report has found .
china 's controversial baby hatches have been left at the centre of a controversial one-child centre , state media report .
the pound fell on tuesday after the inflation data sent the ftse 100 higher on tuesday , but the pound has fallen to its lowest level for three years .
edinburgh made it two wins from the european championship with a [unk] win over leinster in the pro12 semi-final at murrayfield .
russian athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics because of a doping scandal , says the sport 's governing body .
sam sanchez 's second-half penalty earned hull a narrow victory over arsenal in the first game of the premier league season .
the family of a canadian man who has been arrested in connection with sex offences , has been released .
manchester united 's fa cup tie against cagliari in cagliari was not a `` penalty every year '' , says goalkeeper thibaut buffon .
the number of men working in part-time work in the east of england has fallen sharply , according to a new study .
the supreme court has ruled that the uk government is to listen to the uk government 's decision to allow the assembly to leaving the eu .
the number of people killed and injured in a series of incidents in scotland has risen by almost 50 % in the past year , according to police scotland .
asda has announced it will increase its milk supplier for the first time in a row over its milk supplier .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has begun a bill to allow women to terminate a pregnancy after a constitutional review .
championship side charlton athletic have signed defender joel moussa on a free transfer following his release by charlton athletic .
the netherlands ' hopes of qualifying for euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they beat netherlands in the first round of the under-20 world cup .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a six-year-old boy who died after being hit by a drug , a court has heard .
cambridge united have signed cambridge united midfielder mark roberts on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
the mayor of london has apologised for offering cyclists to break the law by the mayor of london 's transport network .
sunderland defender emmanuel eboue has been banned for six games and fined # 500,000 by the football association for failing to pay for the club .
rugby union player nick tompkins has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the welsh government 's decision to cut subsidies for renewable energy subsidies has been rejected by the welsh government .
west ham have been granted # [unk] m to convert the site of the london stadium football club 's stadium .
nba basketball player [unk] odom has been found dead in a helicopter crash in the us state of nevada .
the father of a woman who died after being struck by a car has been awarded # [unk] m to buy a family home .
it 's a tale of the `` ipod '' of the ipod used by google 's chief executive , tony fadell , who has died at the age of 88 .
scientists have discovered a ammonia in the atmosphere of the planet 's atmosphere in the space of the atmosphere .
guernsey 's football league has been given the chance to take part in the fa cup final against guernsey .
the us army corps says it will not investigate the controversial dakota access pipeline -lrb- corps -rrb- for the proposed dakota access pipeline .
ukip leader nigel wood has accused the conservatives of `` harmonious co-existence '' in the run-up to the general election .
the mission of the us-led coalition against islamic state -lrb- isaf -rrb- fighters in afghanistan has been hailed as a `` enduring partnership '' .
police searching for a missing woman from a store in somerset say they are `` devastated '' by her disappearance .
the number of lesbian and bisexual lesbian and bisexual lesbian and bisexual lesbian and bisexual lesbian has been released by the national crime agency .
forecasters have warned of severe thunderstorms across parts of scotland as storm henry sweeps across the region in the highlands .
spennymoor town will face league two side surrey in the first qualifying round of the fa cup on saturday .
the duchy of the beach where a river was damaged by storms has been described as a `` busy beach '' .
england 's women 's world twenty20 hopes were dealt a blow as they beat pakistan in a thrilling match at the oval .
manchester united manager sir alex ferguson says his side are `` not concerned with the club '' , says boss mark ferguson .
an indian rapper has been appointed chief minister of the indian social media party -lrb- sasikala -rrb- , saying it is `` a culture of bullying '' .
coffee shops in the uk are up to grow at 5 % for the next five years , according to new research .
northern ireland 's electoral commission -lrb- pilot -rrb- has said it is `` proof '' that the government is failing to investigate electoral fraud .
a man has been stabbed to death in a `` robust policing tactic '' in colchester , police have said .
sale sharks have signed australia international half-back aled brew on a short-term deal from premiership rivals bristol city on a deal until the end of the season .
the breed of bee bees is better than a bee infection , scientists have said in a new report .
two children have been treated in hospital after a trailer pulled out of a school in a nottinghamshire farm .
organisers of the world 's biggest rock festival -lrb- ring -rrb- have arrived at the scene of a lightning strike in germany .
german chancellor angela merkel says climate change is `` unsatisfactory '' in the wake of the paris climate agreement .
a man has been jailed for six years for plotting a hatton garden raid on the hatton garden raid .
burton albion extended their unbeaten league run to seven games as they beat burton albion to go top of the championship .
people were drink more quickly out of curved drinks , a study has found on a curved glass of curved glasses .
sports direct has said it will report its chief financial officer chief financial officer -lrb- # [unk] -rrb- for the next financial year .
a number of people have been killed and more than 400 injured in freezing temperatures caused by torrential rain and caused flash floods across the country .
foreign secretary boris johnson has said he is `` robust '' to reset the relationship between russia and the foreign secretary .
fruit flies lived 16 % more longer than ageing like parkinson , according to a study in the lancet .
ee has said it will launch a drone to help shape the world 's first drones to boost its rural areas .
two people have been injured in a fire at a tenement block of flats in east lothian , police have said .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has called for the first time in the history of mosul from so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in iraq .
the scottish government has defended its decision to allow people to stay in the oil industry following the death of a number of people .
the world 's top 10 for the first formula 1 season of the season was the biggest title of the british grand prix .
the jewish community in north america has a new threat to protect jewish sites , according to a leading figure in the jewish cemetery .
the son of a man who died in a mental health unit in the republic of ireland last year has been cleared of murder .
unilever has reported a big jump in quarterly profits , boosted by a surge in sales in the first three months of the year .
the bhs pension scheme , bhs and the parent company bhs , has taken place in london 's capital , bhs .
the european union has said it is `` 1,000 % of the uk '' to leave the eu after the eu referendum result .
cambridge came from behind to beat cambridge united in the first game of the national league season 's game .
temperton temperton , a founding member of the magic x factor , has died at the age of 96 , his family has said .
`` tinder '' is a big problem for people , but it is n't a big problem for people who do n't want to leave .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of singer paul grande , who has died at the age of 27 .
one direction have been named as the winner of this year 's mtv music awards -lrb- redfoo -rrb- in glasgow .
munster scrum-half mike murray has been suspended from the world rugby rugby league after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
a charity has said it is looking for a new lifesaving service in the uk to stay in the channel islands .
britain 's azarenka azarenka won her second match of the season with victory over croatia 's [unk] ozaki in the first round of the french open .
virat kohli 's century inspired australia to a crushing victory in the first test against india in bangalore in bangalore .
plans for a new housing and community centre in south wales have been approved by councillors in south wales .
a new plan to build a new housing development in county durham has been reopen by the county council .
liam shankland 's second-half goal earned a narrow win over partick thistle in the first qualifying round of the highlands shankland .
artificial intelligence can be used to monitor a human control experiment on alan turing , the bbc 's director general of medicine has said .
plans for a garden bridge in london have been put forward by the welsh government 's plans for a garden bridge .
edinburgh 's hopes of reaching the last eight of the world cup suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by edinburgh .
the inquiry into historical child sexual abuse in england and wales is `` only one component '' , the bbc has found .
the story of india 's paralympians has been the most common sight of the paralympics in the country 's history , writes the bbc 's fergal keane .
derby county have signed striker martin martin following his release by championship rivals fulham on a loan deal until the summer of 2018 .
the wreckage of a [unk] section of the wreck of a section of the wreck of a space station has been found .
retail clinics in the uk are being asked to order to remove a baby 's baby with a genetic condition .
joseph pomsel , known as the `` nazi concentration camp '' , has died at the age of 88 .
a world war two veteran who was trying to take a minute break up a minute break has been banned from competing at the same time .
mae [unk] eisteddfod genedlaethol ynys môn wedi cael eu cyhuddo o roi [unk] i ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol ar ynys môn .
camping guides have been found in a group of camping guides on a park in the south of the country .
bydd bangor 's r eisteddfod genedlaethol ynys môn eleni wedi cyhoeddi i [unk] o [unk] i ' w [unk] i gymru , yn ôl bangor .
a us mp has been found guilty of fraud and corruption charges in the us state of washington dc last year .
a man has been treated in hospital after being attacked by a group of men at a sea station in aberdeen .
a 17-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in rhondda cynon taff , police have said .
scientists have discovered evidence that the fossil of a crocodile found inside the nest fossil has been discovered by scientists .
a council leader has been ordered to pay damages to three companies over a # 5.1 m ban on animal exports in ramsgate .
ryan watkins has been banned from the world anti-doping organisation -lrb- ukad -rrb- after being banned from the sport for two years .
the scottish government has said it is `` getting access to the food '' in scotland 's holidays as a free meal for children in scotland .
technology giant hewlett-packard -lrb- technology -rrb- has said it will launch a patent protection protection protection in the uk .
malaysia 's culture ministry has cancel the tattoos ' concert because it was `` an insult to the government '' .
teachers have been told they will not be allowed to take part in a industrial action in a row over the role of pupils .
cardiff city manager mark rush has been given permission to help shape the club 's future of the club .
on wednesday afternoon , a group of chinese migrants have been killed in an arson attack on a chinese building in paris .
the european court of human rights has upheld a ban on the use of the minimum guarantees of life in society .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers mali 's progress to the migrant crisis .
the first film about the big screen has been announced in the new year 's honours list for the first time in more than 20 years .
the gambia 's president yahya jammeh has been sacked , the country 's president says , as the gambia 's president yahya jammeh refuses to leave the country .
a draft document on the fracking system has been signed by the labour party in the general election campaign .
tributes have been paid to a man who died in a light aircraft crash in new zealand , her family has said .
manchester city manager roberto mancini says carlos tevez could have a `` chance to play '' if his side reached the last eight of the premier league .
it 's been a year since louis degeneres became the first celebrity to win the prestigious oscar selfie selfie .
a man has been cleared of assaulting a 14-year-old girl in a `` legal battle '' with a 14-year-old boy .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car in a hit-and-run crash in blackburn , county antrim .
chancellor george osborne has said the chancellor 's spending tax credit change is the `` prudent effect '' for the chancellor .
the story of game of game of thrones has gone on display at the top of the uk box office .
the number of security in the number of people being held in kenya has risen by almost a third since last year , a report says .
at least two people have been killed in a suspected ransomware attacks in ukraine 's capital , officials say .
china 's economic recovery is continuing to grow , according to a report from the office for national statistics -lrb- pew -rrb- .
oxford united have signed wales international wing aled roberts on a short-term deal until the end of the season .
rangers captain scott windass will retire at the end of the season to join league one side oldham athletic on a two-year deal .
motherwell have signed defender dom thomas from motherwell for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 3m .
world number one serena carter has retired from the second round of the open after suffering a lung infection .
bristol 's mayor has said it is `` anguish '' by the council 's decision to allow the firm behind the use of the park-and-ride site .
labour leader sir nicholas houghton has intervened in a `` political dispute '' in the wake of the nuclear attack , jeremy corbyn has said .
port vale manager paul smurthwaite says he is back a new contract being offered for vale of the league one club .
london underground is to ballot its members from london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- workers , it has been claimed .
china 's [unk] , the world 's biggest steel supplier , has announced a $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- deal for the steel industry .
the nhs in england is a major rise in the number of nurses working on nhs wards in england , the health secretary has said .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a german policeman in the german city of nuremberg .
the government 's plan to cut social security spending in the great recession is `` important '' , a report by the institute for fiscal studies says .
dr dr [unk] venter looks set to become a doctor who is a doctor and his wife , in the wake of the vietnam war .
a boy who had sex with a young boy has been released back to the city council , a judge has ruled .
premier league champions liverpool have signed benteke benteke from premier league rivals aston villa on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the bbc has defended its ban on women on tv shows , as a number of women on bbc two .
a world war ii farmer has returned to dinner after being rescued from a swimming pool in the us state of 1999-2004 .
a 16-year-old girl has been arrested in connection with the death of a young girl in cornwall , police have said .
the police watchdog is to investigate allegations of child sexual abuse in rotherham , the police watchdog has found .
watford came from behind to beat watford and move three points clear at the top of the premier league .
the government has been accused of `` appalling '' cuts to the social care system in england and wales .
police investigating the murder of a teenage girl have released a reward for a reward for a 14-year-old girl who was found dead in a river .
chris clarke has signed a new three-year deal keeping him at the kingspan stadium until the end of the 2019 season .
south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- democratically-elected -rrb- , south africa , has died in the country 's general election .
a russian military aircraft has arrived off the coast of russia for the first time in the country 's history .
sea otters may have been able to access extinction , according to a new study of seagrass seagrass , scientists have found .
bbc radio 2 's weather awards have been voted for the first time in more than 20 years . saw off the top of the bbc 's sound celebrations .
an investigation has been launched into the death of a man who was hit by a ferry off the coast of guernsey .
katy perry marked his return to sunday 's super bowl with victory in the super bowl opener against seattle seahawks .
drones are being fitted with drones for the first time in the first time in the uk 's history .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has said it is `` more important '' to retake western mosul from islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
manor has been sacked as its chief executive after the sport 's governing body was sent home to its operator .
a libyan man has been arrested in connection with the death of a libyan man in the lockerbie bombing .
league two club colchester united have signed defender joel white on a season-long loan from league one rivals oldham athletic .
cyber attacks in england and wales have been hit by a series of cyber attacks , a report has found .
glamorgan batsman ben wright has been ruled out for the rest of the 2016 season with a knee injury .
the conservatives have been elected as the new conservative leader of the party at holyrood 's general election on thursday .
seal pups have been counted during the first time in the past year , according to figures from the national trust .
star wars : the new york city of fett has been speaking to the bbc about how he 's first film about the darth vader costume .
a labour am has accused the public accounts of `` endangering '' the failures of the government under the carpet .
the white house has said it will be `` fully equipped to carry out its national security mission '' in iraq .
the pilot of a light aircraft which crashed in cherbourg killing a man , an inquest has told an inquest .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he is `` utterly committed '' to return to frontline politics in the assembly .
wasps have signed former england and england scrum-half mike cipriani on a two-year contract , subject to international clearance .
esteban chaves has become the first briton to win stage two of the vuelta a espana after stage two of the giro d'italia .
the story of the life of a hairdresser who has been at the heart of the roman catholic church in merseyside has been named the most decorated music awards for decades .
newcastle united manager chris johnson says his players were `` outstanding '' as a result of their 4-0 thrashing at bristol city .
the obamas ' party has paid tribute to a private party at a private party in the us presidential election .
the world 's biggest economy is in a critical condition , according to a report from the office for national statistics -lrb- co2 -rrb- .
two dogs have been rescued from a [unk] sanctuary in the firth of forth , leaving at least one person dead .
a memorial service has been held in memory of a soldier who died after taking part in the artillery race in dunfermline .
manchester united and newcastle united played out a goalless draw in the premier league on penalties for the first time in the premier league .
england have been drawn to face argentina in the final of the world rugby sevens team in the final round of pool b b .
british cycling director ashley brailsford has called for an independent inquiry into allegations of bullying and discrimination against the british cycling team .
nigeria 's actress [unk] sadau has been banned from entering the internet for the first time in a row .
two bottles of bottles have been washed up on a cornish coast in cornwall , the national trust has said .
the uk government is failing to pay # 1,200 a fee of # [unk] a year per year for mothers and mothers , the government has announced .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he takes a break as leader of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
the twitter tour has opened its doors for the first time in more than 70 years , and it is now the world 's most famous horse .
south africa 's [unk] reeva steenkamp has been found guilty of killing his girlfriend reeva steenkamp in south africa .
ghana 's president , john [unk] , has been inaugurated as the new president of ghana 's presidential election .
swansea city manager tony pulis believes the club 's `` old ball '' are `` seeing the old ball '' , says manager tony pulis .
a formal ban on animal displays in scotland has been proposed by msps in holyrood , the scottish parliament has said .
latin americans will live in cities such as latin american nations , according to a report from the united nations cultural agency .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in south london .
five men have been charged in connection with the hijacking of a cia prisons in guantanamo bay , the us supreme court has ruled .
the death of a man whose body was found in a flat in edinburgh is being treated as murder , police have said .
french and irish lions coach brian phillips says stade francais is `` a big rivalry '' in the derby games .
northern ireland 's six nations campaign ended with defeat by poland in the final of the 2017 world cup .
welsh referee nigel pollock has been crowned the winner of the world half marathon at the world athletics championships in glasgow .
a latest inmate has died in jail after a prisoner was found dead at a prison in the isle of wight , a report has found .
abortion guidelines in northern ireland have been exposed to the publication of abortion guidelines , the bbc has learned .
rory mcilroy will begin the defence of the atp world tour finals at the atp world tour finals on friday .
amnesty international relations between europe and the eu will be held in brussels on friday , the uk government has said .
hate crime is being considered for the first time in the scottish parliament , msps have been told the bbc .
the party 's development minister has resigned over allegations of bullying and bullying in the party 's leadership contest .
the chart for the us economy continues to grow and well , but it was n't exactly what it would be like .
police are appealing for witnesses after a sheep girl was rescued from a burning house in the centre of glasgow .
a petition calling for london 's private hire industry should be scrapped after the night 's draw in the private hire industry has been launched .
snapchat 's famous snapchat has been renaming , the company behind the company 's board , which has been activated .
a review is needed in the future of the nhs in england and wales , the welsh language commissioner has said .
three people have been killed and several injured in a computer attack on a dutch airport in the belgian capital , belgian police say .
gm peugeot owner carlos tavares has been set to return to germany after a meeting with the unite union .
an inquest into the death of a woman who was shot dead by a police officer has been described as `` 999 calls and alert '' .
police investigating the disappearance of a man in county antrim have released cctv footage of a man they want to trace .
a # 25m cycle bridge in west sussex has been given the go-ahead by the big lottery fund for the first time .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering a black man in east london last year .
south africa 's first ladies ladies ' ladies ' borders will not be given special treatment , south african officials say .
lee taylor says the world title fight against edinburgh is `` perfect '' to be `` perfect '' , says former world champion stuart taylor .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and reuters - scotland 's hogmanay celebrations are taking place across the country .
a dinghy got stuck on a sandbank off the coast of invergordon in the early hours of sunday morning .
a gold lamb has been found in a wall in scunthorpe after a treasure object washed up on a wall in scunthorpe .
a gallery in the uk has taken place in london to mark the 30th anniversary of the kensington gardens show .
a 15-year-old girl has been arrested in connection with a sexual assault on a teenage girl in greenock , county armagh .
a conservationist and nature photographer have been discovered in mexico in a new species of magnolias , according to a leading nature reserve .
curry van recipes have been named as the winner of the 2016 hotly-contested curry capital of the year in bradford .
voters in northern ireland are being urged to vote in the referendum on the electoral register , the electoral commission has said .
a knife at a prison in kent was deeply concerning , a senior prison officer has told the bbc .
garry thompson 's first-half goal earned morecambe a narrow victory over cheltenham at the memorial stadium to move them into the league two play-off places .
there is no doubt that a number of americans who do not have health insurance will be eligible to purchase coverage of the insurance insurance .
leinster back-row niall morris has signed a two-year contract with the premiership club until the end of the 2019 season .
celtic manager john boyd says the club 's owners are `` playing in front '' as they prepare for the scottish championship title .
the world 's longest railway carriage has been cancelled due to a lack of funding for the world war two .
conor o'shea has resigned as italy coach , says the club 's director of football association chairman greg o'shea .
the world 's human genome could be a `` constellation of stars '' , according to a new study .
australian boxer joe sasse says he is `` astounded '' and `` astounded '' australia 's decision to strip him on same-sex marriage .
mike ashley has been sacked as manager of newcastle united at the end of the season , says boss nigel ashley .
thieves have used a cash machine to steal a pet out of a enterprise centre and stole # 30,000 .
reunion suffrage on the shores of the french capital , reunion , is one of the world 's most active volcanoes .
a man has been sentenced to six years in prison for raping a woman in a sex attack in greater manchester .
a 21-year-old man has died after a crash in kilbride on saturday . 10:30 . anwar 's last . friday .
a woman who died after being found unconscious on a bus has been given a 12-month conditional discharge for her murder .
a woman has been attacked and robbed in a `` horrific '' attack on a woman in her home in glasgow .
a man has been jailed for 10 months for posting offensive messages to staff at bristol airport , the airport has said .
as india 's all-time leading wicket-taker in the indian premier league , the world 's biggest premier league title has been named as one of the greatest indian players in history .
solar impulse , the world 's most advanced solar impulse , has been flown back to the pacific ocean for the first time .
it 's a year since the start of the sheffield city devolution deal , it has been claimed to be the first part of the new sheffield city devolution deal .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman and a woman in a `` significant period '' .
footage : nicola hudson and a park building at a nature reserve in great yarmouth was destroyed by fire .
if you want to know about the first match of this season 's first match at wimbledon , but it 's a great escape .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a burning car in lancashire .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has played down his side to face arsenal in the final of the fa cup .
land rover 's first land rover is to be sold at auction for the first time in more than 20 years .
a pembrokeshire bus company has been asked to pay its school transport business for a further two years after it was closed .
a man has been seriously injured after being attacked by two masked men armed with a hammer in glasgow .
a plane carrying more than 100 people has been killed in a plane crash in yemen , officials say .
the secretary of state has told the bbc it is `` determined to fight it '' if the secretary of state has been accused of `` ludicrous '' comments .
ships will be part of the battle for the napoleonic wars in the napoleonic wars in trafalgar day , it has been revealed .
yemeni president ali bahri has died in a suspected attack on a mental health unit in north-west pakistan , the bbc understands .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is `` unacceptable and offensive '' by the us federal communications commission -lrb- mccain -rrb- .
the loch ness waters are among the most spectacular lake in the world , but it is now the world 's longest lake .
what do you do you know about the glastonbury festival , you might want to know about the glastonbury games ?
the family of a woman who died after a car crash in belfast have been named by the court of appeal .
oil and gas in the world 's energy needs `` unusually weak '' levels , according to a new report .
charlton made it three league one wins for the first time this season as they beat charlton athletic at the memorial stadium .
the world 's anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has said it is `` not good '' to investigate claims that the sport 's athletes failed a drugs test .
lovat 's faint hopes of avoiding relegation from the camanachd cup were dented as they secured a place in the camanachd cup .
harlequins and england pair tom harris-wright and ben harris-wright have both been included in the 25-man squad for the 2017 women 's six nations .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for possessing indecent images of children . cann of his young young offenders .
it was the day that the red bull 's grand prix was one of the world 's most recognisable races .
the uk 's economy is slowing down , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- ons -lrb- ons -rrb- .
the world 's longest pier has been put up for sale for the first time in more than 70 years .
mercedes driver lewis hamilton says he is confident his team can avoid relegation from the circuit de la catalunya .
gareth tuilagi will captain england in the world cup squad for june 's world cup qualifier against fiji at twickenham on saturday .
south africa 's government has condemned the arrest of a pastor who was criticised for mocking south africa 's pastor .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have said they are `` surprised '' after the death of his baby daughter .
a humpback whale spotted off the coast of australia has been captured off the coast of western isles , scientists have said .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a man who was stabbed to death in edinburgh .
south korea 's kim won olympic gold in the final of the solheim cup in [unk] , south korea .
the melting of the melting melting of the melting melting of the arctic is a `` huge dramatic change '' in the system , scientists have said .
the uk government should take urgent action to resettle more unaccompanied refugee children in the uk , prime minister david jones has said .
us food manufacturer pfizer has agreed a deal to buy anacor 's business arm , the company behind the company 's takeover of anacor .
the president of the syrian city of aleppo has said he will not be able to co-operate with the peace process .
the welsh assembly 's supreme court has warned of a `` significant '' interpretation of the assembly 's powers .
defending champions timbers came from behind to beat portland [unk] in the final of the mls cup in paris .
barnsley beat barnsley to keep their league one play-off hopes alive with a goalless draw at home park in league one .
middlesex 's batsmen struggled in the first day of the second test against warwickshire at chester-le-street , as they beat warwickshire by eight wickets in the first test .
the parents of a woman who died in a motorbike accident in vietnam have said they are `` going to be up '' .
highlands and islands farmers have been urged to buy sheep in a bid to boost sheep and other sheep .
footage has been captured of a spectacular spectacular display of the northern lights at the international space station in the firth of forth .
the government is taking legal action against manston airport following a formal complaint by the electoral commission over its compulsory purchase order .
two men have been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in denbighshire .
bangladesh 's secretary-general has ordered the country 's 27-member military to tackle the rape and murder of a buddhist woman in rakhine state .
ufc lightweight champion liam bennett has said he is `` coming sprinting at you with bricks '' after his ufc career was rejected .
a dual carriageway in stonehenge has been described as a `` devil '' and `` one of the most notorious traffic blackspots '' .
the risk of suicide or self-harm in the uk has a slightly increased risk of suicide or self-harm , according to a new study .
david selby and leicestershire 's [unk] norman norman are among the winners of the world 's boxing team for the first time in 10 years .
police officers in england and wales are being placed on stress-related leave in the wake of the blue line , a report has found .
cornwall 's eu referendum has taken control of the eu referendum result in the wake of the eu referendum result .
the code of being searched by police in scotland should be carried out , the bbc has learned , after a bbc investigation revealed .
egyptian president abdul fattah al-sisi has said he will hand over the transfer of the red sea islands in egypt .
victims of historical institutional child abuse should be investigated by the police watchdog , welsh secretary alun cairns has said .
a man has been found guilty of murdering his mother and his mother to death in a `` savage accident '' .
capt [unk] [unk] is one of the first female captain of the indian merchant 's mission to mount everest .
ahmed slimani scored twice as leicester came from behind to beat sheffield united in the first game of the season .
league two side crawley town have signed striker bobson [unk] from crawley town for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
a missing lion has been reunited with his son after he was returned to a property in the city .
toronto star jackson jackson has apologised after he became the first man to shoot a note on social media .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a police station in lancashire .
you might have heard of a dog that you might think you might have heard of a cold station ?
nottinghamshire captain michael read has revealed he will retire at the end of the 2017 finals of the 2017 season .
a man who admitted causing the death of a man in a fire service has been given a suspended prison sentence .
ghana stunned egypt 1-0 in their final africa cup of nations qualifier on sunday as they beat uganda 1-0 in the final round of euro 2017 .
us president donald trump has said the uk should continue to leave the european union after the uk voted to leave the eu .
a copy of a copy of the oldest cave art in the world has been released to the public for the first time .
at least five yazidi women have been rescued from the iraqi city of mosul by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants , the un says .
the metropolitan police has said it is `` more secure '' to train the 1,500 recruits planned for the next three years .
plans to build a new # [unk] school in wrexham have been approved by the education minister , cardiff .
tottenham have completed the signing of striker bafetimbi walker from tottenham for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 8m .
a prison in wrexham has been given the go-ahead for the first time in the country 's civil war .
leyton orient chairman steve becchetti has been appointed as the club 's new manager at the end of the season .
the pages of leeds city museum 's # [unk] have been revealed by the city council of leeds city museum .
millwall 's relegation from the national league came from behind to beat bradford city in the first leg of their league play-off semi-final .
australian prime minister malcolm newman has been forced to apologise for his visa for a visa that was prevented from boarding a plane .
gcses in england and wales will be marked by the end of this year , according to official figures .
jockey buick 's captain buick buick has been discharged from hospital after suffering serious injuries in a fall at the wheel .
premier league champions tottenham and tottenham have both been called up for saturday 's premier league match against tottenham at etihad stadium .
the scottish conservatives have said they are `` very let down '' by the uk government 's decision to protect jobs in the clyde .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants say they have been killed by a powerful explosion in the syrian city of damascus .
a petition calling for women to be made available on the nhs in scotland has been given the go-ahead .
swansea city have signed swansea city defender greg grimes on a season-long loan deal from premier league rivals exeter city .
a light aircraft has crashed into a runway at a plane that crashed in miami , the fire department has said .
britain 's ding junhui missed out on the final day of the world championship with a hard-fought win over ding junhui in the second round .
scientists have discovered a planet to orbit two suns suns in a robot that could be one of the world 's most famous exoplanets .
a turtle thought to be the world 's most important turtle has been discovered in a reef in cambridgeshire , county antrim .
prime minister david cameron has said he will not resign as prime minister theresa may and david cameron would `` stand down '' in the next parliament .
glasgow warriors have signed ulster back-row forward tommy seymour until the end of the season to join glasgow warriors .
the royal navy 's new aircraft carriers are to be removed from portsmouth harbour , the defence secretary has said .
a couple who complained about their daughter 's cancer treatment were `` a bit of a weep '' , a charity has said .
downgrading telford 's a&e unit is to be put forward by the end of the year , it has been announced .
manager martin redknapp says birmingham city are a `` little bit short at the club '' , says manager harry redknapp .
prime minister theresa may has urged the government to raise more than # 100m a year to help reduce the richest in the uk .
a painting by the american artist monet collectors has been sold at auction for # [unk] m in a # 20m auction .
a police force has said it is `` a realistic assumption '' to save north wales ' home office .
the excavation of a light aircraft which crashed in oxford last july has been put up for auction in oxford .
wigan recorded their first win of the super league season with a hard-fought win over salford red devils in the super league .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
wycombe 's relegation from the national league came to an end as they were held to a draw at blackpool .
the number of male prisoners feeling unsafe and unsafe , such as legal highs , is to be investigated by a prison watchdog .
britain 's amy pieters won her second olympic gold medal in rio by finishing third behind the track event .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the biggest debate in the us presidential election .
police are investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse at a kids company in norfolk and wales , the bbc has learned .
a lorry driver has been killed and another injured in a crash on the m6 in birmingham , police have said .
a man accused of murdering her ex-partner has told a court he was `` not a violent person '' .
turkish president petro davutoglu says he is `` concerned '' about the situation in the syrian city of syria .
a woman has been sentenced to three years in prison for illegally illegally illegally provided state secrets to foreigners .
england fly-half dan ford is out of the england squad for next month 's world cup in australia after being ruled out of the world cup .
zimbabwe 's cecil , the world 's most famous lion , has been shot dead in the us state of pennsylvania .
england 's all-time leading goalscorer miroslav mcnamara says he is `` in no rush '' to rejoin new zealand .
the body of a man has been found at a house in rhondda cynon taff , police have said .
hibernian manager pedro caixinha says his side are `` focused on the same times '' as they prepare for a place in the scottish premiership .
brazil 's president dilma rousseff is being deported from the dominican republic , his lawyer has told the bbc .
the german government has approved a deal worth up to $ 30m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in the channel tunnel in calais .
a bus ticket ticket has been made available on bus offices in greater manchester , the local authority has said .
more than 100 people have been rescued from a bison park in the us state of rangers after a bison became trapped .
a belgian man has been killed and another wounded in a gun attack on a bar in mali 's capital , bamako .
cheltenham extended their unbeaten run to seven games as they beat cheltenham town to move into the league two play-off places .
britain 's chris wiggins has won the tour de france title after finishing second in the tour de france .
the us federal reserve is expecting to raise its profits for the first time in a row , according to a us federal reserve .
ukip leader nigel jones has said she is `` surprised '' by the welsh assembly 's decision to leave the role unfilled .
leicester tigers prop manu tuilagi could be out for up to 12 weeks with a knee injury , reports bbc radio leicester .
the family of a man who was born in a village in india , in the us state of georgia , is the oldest in the uk .
the number of people killed in the worst earthquake in the libyan city of marche has risen by more than 20 % in the past five years , according to new figures .
a search is under way for a man who was buried in a park in the early hours of a garden in a park .
the australian government has said it is `` able to stare down '' after the country 's asylum seeker scuttled a boat off the coast of vietnam .
a woman has been stabbed to death in a suspected chainsaw attack on a shopping centre in east london .
it 's time to see if you want to know about the future of the prime minister 's questions .
bydd cyngor conwy wedi cael eu colli yng nghymru wedi cael eu colli yng nghymru yng nghymru , yn ôl cymdeithas llywodraeth .
welsh half-back joey haddad has signed a new deal to keep him at the club until the end of the 2018 season .
google has reported a big jump in the first quarter of the year , boosted by a surge in online ads .
iran 's supreme leader [unk] jacob jacob has told the bbc that he wants to leave the united states .
a disability charity has told the bbc that it is investigating reports that a number of wheelchair users had booked off a train in the uk .
the royal academy of the royal academy -lrb- ra -rrb- , monet monet , has joined the royal academy of the royal academy awards .
the body of a man who was abducted from a burning site in dumfries and galloway has been named by a court .
portugal coach hugo gunter defended his euro 2016 campaign with a [unk] victory over portugal in the first game of the world cup .
northern ireland 's renegotiation of the uk 's membership of the european union has been `` irrelevant '' , a survey suggests .
russian adviser anna deyeva has been elected as ukraine 's deputy interior minister , writes the bbc 's director general of medicine .
a collection of previously unseen photographs of victor young , who were among those killed in the north east 200 years ago , have gone on display .
palestinians have been shot dead in the capital jerusalem , israeli police say , after clashes broke out in the capital jerusalem .
sir philip green has been appointed as the new head of the uk civil service , replacing sir philip green .
a steam engine has been built at a steam train in doncaster to the public for the first time .
in the wake of the san bernardino shootings in san bernardino , us president barack obama has told the bbc he believes the campaign is `` breaking down '' .
the mother of a 16-year-old girl who was jailed for abducting a six-year-old girl has said she has no intention of retiring .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in the general election campaign in the uk and many of the world 's newspapers .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said she wants to restore the money scottish tax credits to the scottish parliament .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to new figures .
kumar guptill 's century helped pakistan beat pakistan by eight runs in the first test in wellington on day one of the first test in wellington .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a falling car in the vale of glamorgan .
the founders of xupo xupo , the company behind the show 's travel bag , has been sold at auction for # [unk] .
colombia 's farc rebel group has said it will begin talks with the farc rebel group in the city of havana .
the labour party leader jeremy corbyn has called for a change in the leadership of the party 's general election campaign .
northern ireland manager gordon mcauley says his side must upset poland in saturday 's world cup qualifying match in germany .
the department for education -lrb- nao -rrb- has said it is `` outrageous '' to allow the uk to hold a # 27m travel policy .
plaid cymru leader leanne foster has said the nhs will reduce preventable deaths by 25 % by 25 % by 25 % by 2026 , plaid cymru says .
a british man has been arrested in connection with the terror attack in syria , his lawyer has said .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been sentenced to five years in prison for killing his girlfriend in south africa .
a new flower show is being launched to look at ways to improve the heaviest tomato stands in the uk .
taliban figures in the afghan capital , mullah akhtar mansour , have been shot dead in the afghan capital , quetta .
gunmen have raided a convoy in the french capital , paris , killing at least one person and injuring two others , police say .
ryan leach made his debut for hampshire as they beat somerset in the first game of the first test against somerset .
the welsh government 's funding has been `` developed '' by the welsh government , the welsh secretary has said .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed by islamic state militants in the southern philippine city of marawi .
a child 's charity challenge has arrived in the uk for the first time since the death of her daughter .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has apologised to the football association for failing to remove a penalty for spitting at manchester united midfielder wayne evans .
the liberal democrats have voted in favour of the uk voting age lowered to 17-year-olds in the scottish independence referendum .
an israeli woman has been arrested after a woman 's body was killed in a suspected arson attack on a family home in east london .
a comet on comet 67p has been found on the surface of the comet , the rosetta probe has found .
guernsey will host guernsey in the fa cup quarter-finals , says the club 's fa cup tie against dover athletic .
uefa is trying to block the club 's transfer fee up to # 40m a year if they fail to agree a deal with barcelona .
entertainer keith harris has died at the age of 96 , his family has said . fronted his 75th birthday service .
pineau de re has been knocked out of the race for the first time since returning to the national team for the first time .
a mother has been given a `` bone marrow transplant '' after she was taken to hospital with a bone marrow transplant .
britain 's olympic champion greg moore has pulled out of the tour de france because of a lack of lawn players .
the royal british legion has lodged a fresh application to allow the parades commission to march the derry march parade .
chocolate eggs have been used as a sausage with a sausage with a sausage with a creme pork and a sausage .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called for labour to `` wiped out '' a labour leadership candidate in running the eu .
if you want to know about the tor [unk] project , you might think it 's time about the internet .
rmt union members in the rmt union have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over safety and bullying .
the number of cases of measles in wales has risen by almost 50 % in the last year , figures show .
harlequins have signed scotland prop joe jackson on a two-year deal from next season , subject to international clearance .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he will pull out of the training of the afghan security forces .
the daily mail 's attention is not a problem for terrorists , but it 's not seen anything quite like it .
zlatan ibrahimovic has confirmed he will leave manchester united at the end of the season to join paris st-germain .
it has been a momentous day for the first time in the uk 's history , but it is not enough to be done to make it easier for foreign citizens .
a review of the death of liverpool 's nhs trusts could be withdrawn , a review of the system has been told .
photographs of sri lanka by sri lanka have been released by the un security council -lrb- jds -rrb- in geneva .
archaeologists have discovered evidence of a temple 's flooring site found on a temple in the ancient city of islam .
they were relegated to the premier league season , but they did not feel like it as they beat crotone to keep their faint chances of qualifying for the first time .
singer sam smith has been stopped by police after he was caught on camera on the wall of a wall dinner .
ray blk has been named the winner of the bbc 's sound of 2017 list of the sound of 2017 .
the mother of a seven-year-old boy who died after being hit by a train has said it is `` inspirational '' to give him a voice now .
ireland ran in nine tries as they beat afghanistan in the final of the first twenty20 international in afghanistan .
a number of people have been killed and more than 400 injured in a migrant camp in the libyan city of tripoli , officials say .
drivers faced delays after a lorry overturned on a busy road in the city off the coast of east anglia .
activity in the world 's second largest annual factories have risen by more than a third in a year , according to new figures .
the isle of man is returning to the isle of man as part of the new year 's week-long music festival .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets were mixed on friday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected oil prices in the first three months of the year .
arthur thomas may have been one of the world 's most influential writer , arthur arthur , who has died at the age of 88 .
the health secretary has urged the health service to charging patients from outside the uk to the uk and europe .
thieves have stolen three vans of a house where they were stolen from a diy shop in west midlands .
you might think many homeless people in the river ganges in birmingham are those of the homeless people in birmingham .
middlesbrough striker mario carayol says he is looking forward to returning to the gambia after suffering a serious knee injury in the africa cup of nations qualifiers .
an appeal has been raised about the death of a woman who died after being diagnosed with a `` beautiful and beloved '' appeal .
ukip leader nigel banks has said he is `` open to working with the swamp '' of the party 's leadership contest .
dame judi dench has said she does n't want to see if she is to leave the old vic .
a man who helped build a paddle paddle challenge along the shores of the river severn has been described as `` beautiful '' .
the brother of a man abducted by islamic state -lrb- was [unk] -rrb- has released a picture of his brother 's life .
borussia dortmund came from behind to beat borussia dortmund and move into the top of the bundesliga as they were held to a goalless draw by ingolstadt .
a gunman has attacked a bar in the israeli city of tel aviv , killing at least 14 people , police say .
sadio westwood scored his first goal of the season as stoke climbed back to the top of the premier league with victory over stoke .
a house has been given # 250,000 by the victoria & albert museum which was owned by the beatles ' founder .
charlie brown has become the internet 's favourite for the first time in the new year 's feature film .
a rocket company has successfully landed its first rocket lab in new zealand , it has been announced in the us .
manchester united will host manchester united in a friendly at the pre-season tour in south korea on friday , 2 august .
royal boxing has said it will no longer strike action over a consultation over proposed changes to the pension system .
theresa may 's speech on the front page of theresa may 's speech to the conservative party conference on wednesday .
one of the world 's largest festivals in the isle of wight has been given the go-ahead by the office for national statistics .
the government has been accused of failing to properly recruit apprenticeships in the labour leadership , the government has said .
somerset continued their one-day cup win with a crushing [unk] victory over gloucestershire in the first test in wellington .
us secretary of state rex ban ki-moon has called for the opening of a new arms treaty in the world 's top 10 nations .
a food firm has been ordered to pay # 15,000 for 12 days for a total of # 7.1 m in compensation from the supreme court .
arbroath came from behind to beat annan athletic and move three points clear of the scottish league one relegation zone .
shares in asia rose on friday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the government 's stimulus program .
planning restrictions on takeaways have been given to a retail consortium in a bid to save money for children in medway .
germany 's markets have dropped sharply after the european central bank -lrb- [unk] -rrb- failed to agree a bailout deal for a bailout deal .
west brom defender [unk] vandenbroucke has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the ulster farmers ' union -lrb- ufu -rrb- has said it is to publish the publication of the rhi scheme .
manchester united manager louis van persie 's second-half winner was enough to give arsenal victory at the top of the premier league .
cristiano ronaldo scored twice as real madrid beat real sociedad to move up to fourth in the fifa premier league .
robbie ferguson 's injury problems can win the league two title race against forfar athletic , according to manager mark ferguson .
police in the isle of man are facing charges of attempted murder , the national police investigation has confirmed .
angry fans have been banned from the copa del rey after clashes between rival supporters and supporters of the club .
the government 's revaluation of high street shops in england and wales is `` not something to be afraid '' , a conservative mp has said .
flood defences across the uk are set to rise by more than half a century , according to a government report .
northern irish students are able to pay their tuition fees for the first time in the next year , according to government figures .
a wolf in the world has been on the loose for the first time in more than 20 years .
dáil -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- leo byrne has been shot dead in his home in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland .
kilmarnock have signed real sociedad and real madrid midfielder etxabeguren etxabeguren on loan until the end of the season .
swansea city manager paul clement says he will carry out a new deal with swansea city until the end of the season .
a number of residents in northern ireland have been allowed to leave their homes after a bomb attack on a school in north belfast .
algeria defender [unk] mbolhi has signed a pre-contract agreement with algeria to go until the end of the season .
wakefield moved into the top of the premiership with a hard-fought win over wakefield in the first game of the season .
water supplies could be affected if water supplies were affected by a falling water supply in yorkshire water , the city water has said .
the us supreme court has ruled that the us supreme court has ordered the us supreme court to uphold marriage bans .
it 's time to see if you want to know about the next few years , but it 's not a big day .
australian bank nab nab has said it will complete its second full-year loss of more than # 1bn in a year .
britain 's andy murray reached the quarter-finals of the atp world tour finals with a 6-3 7-5 win over belgium 's david goffin .
the executive of the former church of ireland -lrb- imc -rrb- has said it is `` not as bleak as bleak as bleak '' .
the family of a 16-year-old girl who was abducted in the tunisian city of chibok say they have dropped their head scarves .
the uk 's air traffic controllers has said it will reach a deal with the uk 's aviation industry .
the welsh liberal democrat leader has called for an independent review of the welsh conservatives ' spending commitment in wales .
queen of the south came from behind to beat alloa athletic in the first round of the league cup .
bp has said it will invest $ 2bn -lrb- â # 2bn -rrb- in north sea projects in 2016 .
`` gender fluidity '' is a part of the world 's most basic parts of the world , and it 's a `` relaxation of the gender continuum '' .
lisa perry has died at the age of 88 , his family has said . it 's next year 's dark comedy .
a teenage girl has died after falling from a cliff in merthyr tydfil , police have said in a report .
a pembrokeshire prototype from the zano zano `` zano '' project has been struck off by the company 's owners .
rail passengers have been cleared of delays on the scottish borders and edinburgh over the next two days . had been cleared of traffic disruption .
the fukushima nuclear power station in the japanese alps may have been a `` disaster '' , according to a new report .
spain 's national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has released a list of heroin and other arrests in the uk .
the parents of a teenager who was found dead at a military base in thailand have said they are `` devastated '' by his son .
california 's state water is holding a series of nationwide rain in july , with a surge in water levels across the country .
a petition calling for a ban on dogs protection in cardiff has been criticised by a petition calling for the introduction of animals .
england have a `` must-win game '' in the world twenty20 semi-finals , says captain virat hales root , says coach trevor root .
an nhs trust has apologised to patients at a prison where a number of inmates were treated with `` unmet '' needs .
stephen thomas scored two late goals as ballymena united cruised into the league two play-off final against queen 's park .
a woman and woman have been killed in a car crash in county londonderry in the republic of ireland .
the author of the lord lord 's author jk rowling has revealed that he was the victim of a `` witch hunt '' .
eurotunnel has apologised for delays to non-reserved customers who have died in the channel tunnel in the channel tunnel .
a car has been stolen from a shop in londonderry city centre following concerns over a stolen car was stolen .
brazil 's steelmaker [unk] has announced it will pay $ 1.1 bn -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- to settle a $ 4bn -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- offer from rio tinto .
forfar athletic maintained their seven-point lead at the top of the scottish premiership with a narrow victory over stirling .
itv 's chief executive mark cowell has announced he will stand down at the end of the 2015 x factor .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in the assembly election campaign in the republic of ireland 's newspapers .
`` you do n't support the gay history '' , the author of the miners num , has told the bbc it 's `` mary whitehouse '' , who has died at the age of 72 .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe will visit the japanese city of pearl harbor , the japanese prime minister shinzo abe has said .
newcastle united have signed striker dwight gayle from premier league rivals palace for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 12m .
the story of jack swanson , the ripper 's known as the ripper , has died at the age of 88 .
a bird got stuck in a fence after getting stuck in a cage in northumberland , police have said .
the snp has accused the snp of being `` forced to fight '' the hunting vote in the wake of the hunting vote .
president-elect donald trump has said he `` regrets '' about the result of donald trump 's election campaign . emerged .
drivers in the uk have been told they are taking responsibility of a drug effort following the death of a driver in the us .
a new virtual reality headset has been developed by the us federal reserve in a new technique designed to deal with the electromagnetic spectrum .
a 37-year-old man has been arrested in connection with historical sex crimes against jimmy savile , the metropolitan police service has said .
a man has completed his excess skin for a second time in a bid to save his excess skin .
the proportion of school leavers in scotland has reached a record high , according to new figures from the scottish government .
a former ukip leader has been awarded libel damages from the high court in the town 's general election .
cotswold district police may have to form a unity authority with a unity authority , the police and crime commissioner has said .
tottenham 's relegation from the premier league means they were held to a draw by aston villa in the fa cup second round .
the election campaign has taken place in the centre of the capital , downing street , in the wake of the london bridge attacks .
a review of undercover policing in scotland is to be investigated by the scottish government , the justice secretary has said .
highlands and islands airports have returned to barra for the first time in more than 20 years , according to the scottish government .
a lorry overturned on a busy road in ayrshire , causing widespread damage to the fort william and ayrshire .
residents in the west midlands are being asked to choose a new house building in the capital , london .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was stabbed to death in greater manchester .
a number of roads across wales are expected to be restored following torrential rain caused by torrential rain and rain .
a man accused of serious criminal charges in the nigerian city of lagos has been arrested , police say .
the world 's longest ferry operator , the world 's biggest ferry , is to return to the skies after it became operational .
burnley came from behind to beat sheffield wednesday in the championship play-off final at the expense of league one rivals burnley .
the number of nhs hospitals in scotland has risen by almost # [unk] over the last three years , the bbc has learned .
newport gwent dragons captain gareth cudd has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
the lower price of the apple executive will go on display later this year , with the aim of closing the value of the apple executive .
an australian woman has been ordered to investigate the indonesian coffee she tried to contain a cyanide coffee and poisoned a coffee .
a couple 's `` tornado gr1 '' have been removed from a museum in a museum in memory of the tornado gr1 .
the governor of the us state of florida has ordered a federal reserve to help prevent the toxic algae of a toxic algae .
the international criminal court has ruled that the international security council -lrb- au -rrb- is to hold talks with sudan 's president omar al-bashir .
producer [unk] ifill has said she is `` a standard bearer '' for her job as a journalist in the united states .
everton manager roberto martinez says his side tried to get the focus of their fa cup semi-final defeat at sunderland .
a zoo in new zealand has given birth to new zealand zoo after suffering a severe drought in new zealand .
house prices in england have risen by almost a third in the last five years , according to new figures .
ulster bank -lrb- rbs -rrb- has said it will close its branches in the ulster bank in northern ireland .
the weight loss of a diet may hamper weight loss , according to a new study from the university of oxford .
the irish army 's intelligence service -lrb- tuam -rrb- has been found in a wooded area in the republic of ireland , the bbc has learned .
the isle of man earned a place in the world cup final by beating [unk] [unk] in the final of the world cup .
thailand 's aviation regulator has urged the country 's aviation authority to resume air tickets for the country 's aviation sector .
three people have appeared in court charged with fraud following the seizure of # 5m worth of heroin in cardiff .
a cat has been rescued after falling down a steep number of [unk] in county londonderry in the early hours of august .
the liberal democrats have elect a new leader in the north nottinghamshire council , with the conservatives ' first elected election campaign .
iran 's supreme leader , ayatollah ali khamenei , has accused iran of launching a nuclear weapon in the region .
britain 's mazembe of african football world champions mamelodi bejaia edged into the quarter-finals of the african champions league .
plans to build a hydro power station in conwy , conwy county , have been refused to remove a hydro energy company .
the football association has apologised to the family of a man who died after being hit by a brain tumour .
us secretary of state rex pershing has said he is confident the paris treaty was a `` durable international effort '' .
torquay united chairman greg phillips says the club is `` saved '' by the club 's financial conduct by the end of the season .
the proportion of schools in england and wales has fallen to its lowest stakes in the past 12 months , the bbc has learned .
the european union 's top court has ruled that the ceta trade deal between the eu and germany will be debated in the eu referendum result .
francesco lukaku says he wants to stay at the club beyond the end of the current transfer window in the champions league .
warrenpoint town will host warrenpoint town in the first gibson of their europa league qualifying round tie against carrick rangers .
prime minister david cameron has said the party is `` too late '' to block the general election campaign .
the king of belgium has accused the king of `` implicitly '' the king of choosing a `` fascist '' role in his speech .
wigan athletic came from behind to beat blackburn rovers and move three points clear at the top of the championship .
thai flavours are being used to assess the impact of the thai dish 's visual presentation on food and wine .
a teenager has been charged with defrauding the tracks of a young united arab emirates supporter who has been charged with fraud .
the owners of a scottish enterprise firm have said they are `` devastated '' by their efforts to increase staffing levels .
a number of homes in cumbria have been told they will not be aware of their staff following the death of a woman .
thousands of people have taken part in a demonstration in edinburgh to mark the 70th anniversary of the edinburgh celebrations .
house prices rose in england and wales last year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
hospitals in liverpool have been told they will not be able to address plans to cut the number of children 's hospital .
manchester city council has been given a pay cut of # [unk] a year , it has been claimed .
patients in england are being urged not to remove any side-effects in their diets , a study has found .
a cycle track at a pride park in derbyshire has been given the go-ahead by the local authority 's ruling trust .
a woman has denied murdering a woman whose body was found in a cemetery in the republic of ireland .
a creatures of water voles have been sent to a nature reserve in rhondda cynon taff , it has been claimed .
the ruc officers involved in a fatal shooting at a patrol car in jordan may have seriously impacted , a high court judge has ruled .
the first female toilets in the uk is to be turned into a new toilets in a bid to improve safety and privacy .
fly-half dan biggar is out of the ospreys ' squad for next month 's world cup qualifier against grenoble in grenoble .
manchester city manager jose mourinho says he will not be able to play sergio aguero in saturday 's premier league game against sergio aguero .
deaf people are being discriminated against poor awareness week after they were deaf , a report has found that deaf people have been deaf .
a california basketball team has won a $ 2.5 m -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- basketball deal from the national basketball association -lrb- ruling -rrb- .
prince george has become the first briton to be a member of the national health service -lrb- exclusive -rrb- demands .
the world 's biggest channel , the channel , is being held by the civil service , the bbc has confirmed .
a crowd-funding campaign has been launched to buy access to hacking tools in the wake of the emissions scandal .
eoin morgan says he is `` hopeful he can get some form '' as england captain for the first test against australia .
the university of london -lrb- ucu -rrb- has voted in favour of strike action in a row over student numbers .
ucd and eoghan donohoe have been killed in an accident involving a number of students in the united states .
police in papua new guinea -lrb- escaped -rrb- say they have arrested more than 400 prisoners in a crackdown on armed robberies in the city .
a search has been issued for a cat search after a paw alert in the us city of montevrain in paris .
lizards did not make the same mistake , a study of the cane toads has been revealed in a new study .
a police officer was suing a police officer after his car was stolen from his car , police have said .
northern ireland 's proposed pension bill has begun to include a special pension scheme , the bbc has learned .
a car has crashed on a railway line in the republic of ireland , police have said in a car crash .
a woman has died after being hit by a car in greater manchester , south wales police have said .
adobe 's reader has been chosen to host the torch relay in scunthorpe , which will travel to hull for the first time .
golf 's world governing body has told the bbc 's decision to scrap the pga tour or european tour to jeopardy for the rest of the 2016 olympics .
young families are losing out unfairly , according to a report by the government in the wake of a report from the government .
afc wimbledon extended their unbeaten league one run of the season with a hard-fought victory over struggling chesterfield in the league one play-off race .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man died in a car crash in oldham .
a sculpture has been unveiled to find a life-sized sculpture in the river severn to mark the 75th anniversary of the river .
smoking in the world are a daily smoker , according to a new study . found the best risk of the world 's worst risk .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder following the death of a 46-year-old woman in a park in leeds .
the band have been restored to the stage of the band 's first two albums in the us , it has been revealed .
england 's recent run of euro 2016 was enough to give england their first victory in the world cup .
there 's a general election coming up on 8 june , but there are no different political figures in the country 's politics .
facebook has filed a lawsuit against the us and the us over its decision to reopen a legal challenge against facebook 's site .
one of the world 's best cyclists has been named as the world 's top sports personality of the year .
wrexham 's drug addiction is the problem of drug use , but it is not a matter of fear .
a man has died following a crash involving a lorry and a lorry on a busy motorway in west midlands .
the attack on police officers in the capital , london , there is no evidence of how many people could be able to carry tasers .
bradford made it three league one wins out of the national league with victory over bradford in the league two .
the death of lewis bianchi at the end of this year 's monaco grand prix has been a success for the formula 1 driver .
in the wake of the publication of the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in england and wales last year was a key role in the police investigation into historical child sex abuse .
a woman who won gold at the birmingham indoor grand prix has won olympic gold in the national games .
the prime minister has been asked to reply from the high court in northern ireland to discuss the impact of brexit .
comedian ian moore has said he would be playing the same character comparisons with the character of sean connery .
great britain 's liam archibald won gold in the men 's individual pursuit at the para-cycling track world championships in london .
the nhs in england is failing to reduce the cost of its pay bill , according to new figures .
aldershot and portsmouth played out a goalless draw in the fa cup third round after a 3-1 aggregate win over portsmouth .
british astronaut tim luca has been named as the new astronaut of the earth 2,656 earth 2,656 earth 2,656 earth .
with the conservatives by-elections rise in the general election campaign , there is a council of the liberal democrats and the liberal democrats .
president william hague has called for the uk to be `` difficult '' for the uk to leave the country .
the family of a woman who died in a `` mild heart attack '' in the republic of ireland have been jailed for life .
in the wake of donald trump 's decision to leave the eu , there is no doubt that she would be surprised to leave the country .
britain 's nairo quintana won his second stage of the giro d'italia by finishing second in the giro d'italia .
two men have appeared in court charged with murder following the death of a man in the isle of man .
apple has begun legal action against apple over its use of cyber-thieves ' accounts to allow cyber-thieves to be banned from icloud .
the family of a us tourist who went missing in the us alps say they are to celebrate his life .
at least two people have been killed in a suicide attack on a hospital roof in the afghan capital , afghanistan .
boca juniors has become the first premier league club to be named in the club 's history of the premier league .
regulated fares in northern ireland have increased by more than 50 % in the first three months of the year , the rail regulator has said .
labour has retained control of durham county council as a result of a `` challenging point '' in the general election .
the chief executive of rolls-royce has said he does not think rolls-royce is being put at risk of spending cuts .
thailand 's tourism minister says the country 's economy is in a `` critical situation '' in the wake of the deadly floods .
kylie minogue is returning to making a $ 100m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- gig to attend a petition calling for the band to pay more than $ [unk] -lrb- # [unk] -rrb- .
dagenham and redbridge played out a goalless draw in the national league after a goalless draw at dagenham and redbridge .
in the world of the world 's most specialised shopping business , india 's first humanoid company , has made it a bit of a mug 's shoes .
a man has been cleared of causing the death of a five-month-old boy 's mother and his baby son , a court has heard .
a man has been jailed for six years for his part in a row over a suspected drug dealer .
sri lanka 's home secretary has urged the home office to stop the deportation of a student who was deported from sri lanka .
swiss prosecutors have raided the offices of fifa 's governing body in the wake of the world 's 2018 world football championships .
red bull owner paddy lowe is set to miss the rest of the season as he continues his recovery from red bull .
beaches across the uk are to be judged on lifeguards after the deaths of several men at camber sands .
britain 's [unk] [unk] and alfie hewett won the mixed doubles gold medal at the world championships in london .
conor stander believes an irish display against munster will help him become a `` big display '' for his coaching team .
bath have signed bath flanker jack woolstencroft on loan until the end of the season from the end of the season .
the spread of the spread of skin cancers in mice , scientists have developed a genetically modified virtual product .
angel fleetwood cruised into the third round of the europa league with a comfortable victory over austrian [unk] fleetwood in the first round of the europa league .
labour leader jeremy cooper has accused labour of `` let rip down '' to tackle extremism in the home office .
a machinery machinery worth about # 1bn has been put on display in a cornwall college , it has been revealed .
durham eased to a crushing [unk] victory over durham in the first of the one-day cup in south korea .
tributes have been paid to a man who died in a gun attack on a sinn féin base in northern ireland last week .
it might seem like a venomous snake that can be traced out of the world 's most unusual glass of liquid glass .
you might think the news about the ireland football team 's career was a big moment for the ireland and european championships .
a teenage girl has been airlifted to hospital after being rescued from a burning car in rhondda cynon taff .
the world 's most deadly drug lord , the world 's most deadly drug crash in the mediterranean sea , is one of the most survivors of the world war .
a comedian who sexually assaulted two women in the 1970s has been given a two-year suspended prison sentence , the bbc has learned .
the uk 's women 's hour power has been judged to have power problems , the bbc has learned .
microsoft has launched a new search for the search for a bing search system for the first time in the world .
it 's a tale of one of the most popular writers in the world - and it 's a tale of the chinese actors .
british pest control service -lrb- bpca -rrb- has said it is `` not advised '' about a firework with a firework .
england seamer james rankin has been ruled out for the intercontinental cup game against papua new guinea in january .
league two side newport county have signed swansea city defender ryan dixon on a one-month youth loan deal , .
tributes have been paid to sir peter blake 's honour at the age of more than five decades in liverpool .
a woman has been arrested in india for allegedly raping a three-year-old girl in a village village in north-eastern india .
bbc sport brings you live coverage of the olympic games in rio de janeiro , which will be one of the biggest names in sport 's history .
the speaker of the speaker of the arab democrats -lrb- 28-member -rrb- has been accused of `` dangerously delaying the threat of brexit '' , a defence committee has said .
cuts to the conservative government would be `` no council left by 2020 '' , the unite union leader has said .
rmt union members have voted overwhelmingly in favour of strike action in a dispute over staffing changes and conditions .
west ham manager slaven bilic has urged players not to blame for his side after saturday 's 1-1 draw at astra lane .
peterborough united manager grant mccann has apologised to fans after his side beat peterborough united in the first game of the season .
the ulster university -lrb- application -rrb- is to build a new student accommodation block in belfast in a bid to build a new student accommodation .
a man armed with a knife has been attacked in a patrol car in east belfast , police have said .
additional support of pupils who have been at risk of not getting a pass grade c is a `` fun experience '' , west belfast researchers have said .
red bull 's max alonso is the biggest formula 1 seat of formula 1 in the formula 1 season .
a new class of drug has been found in the brain , alzheimer 's disease says it is safe to treat the disease 's effects .
a 16-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being struck by a lorry in east ayrshire , south ayrshire police have said .
the live-action remake of the live-action remake of beauty and the beast has been approved by the malaysian government .
ospreys and wales scrum-half rhys jones says the british and irish lions can have a `` distraction rosy '' when they meet ospreys in the champions cup .
muslim fans have been leaked from the site of an alleged breach of the site of a muslim match in the capital , oxford .
the scottish justice secretary has announced a meeting to discuss the impact of the cessation of eu membership and single market access .
a whale carcass found on a norfolk beach has been found safe and well , the bbc has learned .
the house of representatives has voted overwhelmingly in favour of the obamacare care care system , after republicans rejected a call for a change in the health system .
there has been calls for a change in the relationship between the welsh assembly and ciara riddell , which is accused of being part of its general election campaign .
the father of a four-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of a family in the us state of louisiana .
a fire has broken out at a boarding school in the northern city of [unk] , killing at least 14 people .
stoke city manager bob collins has dismissed reports linking him to sign a new deal with premier league rivals arsenal .
a large gorse fire has broken out at a recycling centre in somerset , prompting a warning for a gorse fire .
the government has announced plans to buy mortgage scheme discounts for families in the uk , the bbc has learned .
north korea has test-fired a missile ballistic missile , south korean reports say , after the us said it would suspend nuclear tests .
glasgow warriors head coach tony blair has said the rugby world cup will be a `` big pull for the guys '' .
canada 's parliament has passed a controversial bill to legalise the national anthem , the country 's first minister has said .
primary school pupils in northern ireland are performing more than a year , according to a study from the university of england .
rangers manager gary anderson says he is `` not bothered '' by the football association 's decision to allow him to take charge of the football association .
members of the church in wales have voted to open a petition calling for a new three-to-19 campus in bala , bala , gwynedd .
a sinkhole has opened up in naples , county antrim , after a sinkhole opened up on the surface of mars .
world superbike champion jonathan meeke 's hopes of qualifying for the atp world tour finals were dashed as he lost to fellow briton nick meeke .
a new nature reserve has been reopened to the public for the first time in more than 20 years .
a number of people have been arrested in china in connection with a deadly knife attack in xinjiang , state media report .
england captain eoin roy says england 's world cup series win against sri lanka was `` a big thing '' .
northern ireland 's first minister nicola foster has said brexit would be `` huge opportunities '' for northern ireland .
labour leadership hopeful jeremy corbyn has said he would not quit the party 's leadership contest after the party 's leadership contest .
a police ombudsman is to investigate the conduct of a police ombudsman 's office in the republic of ireland .
a man has died following a crash involving a car in the vale of glamorgan on sunday . said it was no mistake .
atletico madrid and atletico madrid drew 2-2 with atletico madrid in the champions league quarter-finals , says boss luis suarez .
the uk 's membership of the european union has reached a deal with the eu , the european commission has said .
a fire has gutted a pub in stoke-on-trent , which resulted in a blaze at a pub in staffordshire .
the parents of a woman who raped a baby girl in iran say she was `` scared '' and `` deprived '' .
indonesia 's parliament has passed a fatwa against female muslim clerics after the country 's largest islamist group called it a `` fatwa '' .
the white house has called for a change in the erosion of sovereign immunity in the wake of the 9/11 attacks .
the dup 's former leader jonathan bell has been suspended from the poultry industry in the wake of the botched renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
scotland 's first minister 's questions have been reacting to the transfer of scotland 's conservative mp , philip salmond .
former channel dj chris denning has been found guilty of sexually abusing boys in the 1970s and 1980s in 2012 .
hearts head coach robbie neilson said his side 's first-half display against west ham was a `` very good team '' .
the uk 's defence secretary has said the steel industry is `` going ahead '' to build a new missile defence system for the first time .
a man who drank a # 20,000 wine drinks in a glass bar has been jailed for six years .
morecambe manager steve bentley says he is `` never too high and too high '' and `` too low '' and `` never too low '' .
a man has been shot dead in a gun attack on a school campus in india 's capital , delhi , police say .
students at a cardiff campus have been told they must repay their money if they have been investigated by the education minister .
a police officer has been charged with throwing a banana peel after a police department in the first round .
prime minister theresa may has said he is `` proud '' of the prime minister theresa may to call a free school meals for infant children .
neil wright has been suspended as manager of the premiership club 's top six place in the scottish premiership .
fifa 's ethics committee has been suspended for failing to pay for the 2018 world football championships in qatar .
mercedes say they have `` a negative outcome '' for the formula 1 football league -lrb- # [unk] m -rrb- order .
a `` renaissance '' system is needed to tackle the shortage of affordable homes in england , a survey suggests .
witches is the most common sight of a `` daisy wheel '' , according to the heritage of england 's heritage agency .
internet cyber security courses could be a `` great high part of the world '' , the head of the uk universities ' cabinet has said .
the parents of a woman who died after being found unconscious in a swimming pool could be hired in norfolk , an inquest has heard .
north korea 's nuclear programme has confirmed it will visit north and south korea on 1 july , the yonhap news agency reports .
liverpool 's fa cup fourth-round tie against liverpool will be the biggest in the premier league this season , according to wolves manager claudio coady .
hundreds of people have attended a waiting list of tickets for a beach hut hut in dorset , the city 's mayor has said .
the mother of a woman shot dead by a police officer was `` not a lot of progress '' , the police watchdog has said .
a us tv chart presenter casey kasem has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of his children .
in our solar system , the nasa spacecraft , the world 's most famous beer , has been a success for the first time .
the egyptian military has been attacked by the egyptian military , a report from the military service in egypt has said .
premiership clubs will be able to meet jersey carnegie in the championship play-off final against london carnegie , says head coach rob morgan .
england will face northern ireland in saturday 's world cup warm-up match at twickenham on saturday , 27 may .
forecasters have warned of severe thunderstorms on beaches across the south of england overnight on monday morning , forecasters have said .
a sinn féin mla has said he is `` keen to see '' if he is a member of the nama northern ireland loan portfolio .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in birmingham city centre , police have said .
uptown funk has topped the uk album charts , the album charts charts , which has seen a record fourth in the uk box office .
the bbc has extended ten ten fullest news programmes in the uk and newsnight , the bbc has learned .
julian assange has said he is `` not aware '' of the cia 's intelligence overseas , julian assange , after leaks from the us intelligence service .
mae dyn 30 oed wedi cael ei gyhuddo o achosi marwolaeth [unk] [unk] caerdydd ac ynys môn eleni yn cael eu mlynedd .
bhs chief executive greg green has said he will be the next president of bhs for the next two years .
a request for victims of rape and child sexual exploitation in england and wales has been identified by the crown prosecution service .
savers in the uk will be protected from the same licence , the regulator of the financial conduct authority -lrb- fscs -rrb- has said .
the owner of a derelict printing firm in cumbria has announced it is to sell its printing site to the site .
a secondary school in gloucestershire has reopened after a `` perfect storm of bugs '' , it has been claimed .
swindon town 's winless run extended to five games as they were held to a draw by swindon at hillsborough .
a man who sold his entire marilyn monroe collection has been reunited with his collection for his collection of memorabilia .
villagers in the guinean city of meliandou have discovered a tree caught fire in a tree that caught fire on a tree .
graves at a wrexham museum have been destroyed in a `` explosion '' and `` chucked around '' the graves of a number of people , a charity has said .
police investigating the murder of a man in kuala lumpur have released cctv footage of the body they suspect .
sheffield wednesday striker marcus taylor-fletcher has signed a new three-year contract with the premier league club . joined up to the super league season .
a new road linking somerset and the west of somerset has been given the go-ahead by the local authority .
irish soldiers are expected to arrive in helmand province in helmand province in helmand province in helmand province , near the army base in helmand province .
the proportion of girls in england has a * and a * and a * and a * and a * and a * and a * and a * .
premier league clubs have raised more than # [unk] m to agents in the last financial year , according to official figures .
a former doctor has been suspended from the profession after failing to appeal against his sentence for falsifying drug trials .
a 16-year-old girl has been shot dead in a car parked outside a house in east london , police have said .
scotland 's hopes of qualifying for euro 2016 were dealt a severe blow as they beat france in the first game of the world cup .
the white house has been suspended after a gun attack on the white house , us president barack obama has said .
brazil 's federal prosecutors have approved a $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] m -rrb- deal for the construction of a dam in the capital , brazil .
thousands of people have attended a atp charity campaigning in france for the first time in the 2016 season .
the head of the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the us government 's access to national security .
the producer of the first rocky film , chartoff chartoff , has died at the age of 83 , his family has said .
a lego collection of lego has been donated to lego for a new collection of lego movie lego figures .
a world war two veteran has released footage of the first lady 's carpool karaoke -lrb- karaoke -rrb- footage .
a man accused of abducting and kidnapping a woman in milan has been arrested in connection with the kidnapping of a woman .
warrington ran in nine tries as they came from behind to beat widnes vikings and go top of the super league .
prime minister david cameron has said brexit would be `` a national error '' if the uk votes to leave the european union .
us president donald trump has said he wants to break the country 's `` umbrella '' to help the us defence of the us .
iran 's supreme leader hassan rouhani has been elected as the new president of the country 's nuclear programme .
president donald trump has accused russia of trying to protect syria from islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- of syria .
fidel castro , who has died at the age of communism , has died at the age of 82 .
benfica and benfica played out a goalless draw with benfica in the women 's fa cup first round on friday .
ukraine 's prime minister nawaz kalashnikov has been shot dead in the capital , kiev , killing at least 14 people and injuring others .
northern ireland 's private sector is `` gravely concerning '' , a senior civil servant has told the bbc .
the family of a missing hillwalker have said they are `` devastated '' by the discovery of his body .
the european parliament has voted in favour of a parliamentary committee investigating the death of a french opposition leader .
the wreckage of a light aircraft which crashed in the mediterranean sea has been described as a `` up-and-coming market '' .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- visually m -rrb- , caroline herschel , has been awarded # 10 note by the royal astronomical society .
a police helicopter has been towed to a laser light after a laser was spotted on a farm in northamptonshire .
canada has announced a $ 500m -lrb- # [unk] ; $ [unk] -rrb- aid aid package for the first time since the eu referendum result .
work has started on a new railway line in oxford in memory of a tourist attraction in the river thames .
joselu scored two late goals to beat stoke city and move back into the relegation zone as they beat stoke in the first game of the season .
engineering works on the east coast 's east coast are to be removed from the easter road after a live feed .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was attacked in her home in lancashire .
in the wake of the french war in paris , the city 's charlie hebdo funeral has been taking place in the capital , paris .
a `` unique aircraft '' has been launched to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
ireland coach joe schmidt says he will come full-strength in saturday 's world cup qualifier against new zealand in chicago .
eurotunnel has said it is `` a concern '' for the future of the ferry business in dover to scrap the company 's ferries .
two men have been rescued from the sea off the coast of dorset after a catamaran capsized off the coast of barrow .
gareth cleverly will defend his ibf world heavyweight title fight against germany , says former world champion stuart cleverly .
bolton wanderers came from behind to beat bolton and move up to fourth in the championship 's top six .
solihull moors came from behind to beat bromley and move up to fourth in the national league with victory at bromley .
scottish football association chairman greg king has been suspended from the scottish premier league after failing to agree a new manager .
britain 's laura whiley and bruno soares won gold medals at the atp world tour finals as canada 's chris lapthorne retained his women 's singles title .
dundee united manager phil daly says he would never have consider his future as manager of the club 's director of football .
israeli police have fired tear gas at a red sea airport in the northern city of eilat , officials say .
bolivia 's president evo morales has signed a new law banning children from children under the age of 15 .
in our series of letters from african journalists have been reacting to the death of sheikh osama bin laden , sheikh anwar , osama bin laden , sheikh osama bin laden .
organisers of the t in the park music festival have said they are `` well-informed '' stewards on hand .
a group of politicians in tibet , tibet , is a prominent ally of china 's propaganda and propaganda .
virat kohli 's century inspired india to a crushing [unk] victory over india in the first test in delhi .
hibernian manager neil lennon has been ruled out of the rest of the football association 's fa cup second round tie against celtic .
eurotunnel passengers have been diverted to the uk after a 48-hour strike by eurotunnel over cuts to rail services .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is `` in danger of not asking the right questions '' for the labour party .
saracens forward owen farrell has signed a new three-year contract with the premiership club until the end of the 2019 season .
st mirren manager paul mccann has left the club by mutual consent , the club 's manager has said .
steven woolfe and carl woolfe have been elected as ukip 's candidate for the leadership of the party 's general election .
billericay town have sacked manager jose wright , who has died at the age of 88 . start to the season .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he is `` pleased '' about his future as manager of the premier league club .
hundreds of people have attended a car park in hampshire that will be replaced by the end of april .
england slumped to a crushing defeat by pakistan in the first test in the first test against pakistan in abu dhabi .
the president of the bbc has appointed shwe mann , the former president of the democratic republic of congo .
women who have been diagnosed with sexual violence have been offered extra advice by the nhs in england and wales .
indians beat the [unk] indians to secure their place in the nba 's second round of the world series series .
spectators have attended a rally in dumfries and galloway to mark the 30th anniversary of the nychburris nychburris celebrations .
a woman has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after an attack on a woman in her home .
dan mccullum has signed a new three-year deal with middlesex , keeping him at the club until the end of the 2017 season .
a new regime of disabled people in england and wales has been hit by a new regime by the government .
the father of a north korean student accused of botulism has said he is `` no excuse for a state of unresponsive '' .
premier league club afc wimbledon have been suspended following a # [unk] m investment by the national asset operator e.on .
edf credit rating fell 7 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
the number of hate crimes in canada has risen by almost two-thirds in the last year , according to new figures .
the story of sir peter hall in the uk on the night of northern ireland 's political troubles , the bbc 's director general of the bbc has been released .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was in a serious condition in rhondda cynon taff .
a new burial site is to be held in oxford city centre , the city council has said in a new burial centre .
coronation street star geoffrey hughes has died at the age of 96 , his family has said . also the first tv job of the year .
britain 's chris also progressed to the quarter-finals of the women 's world championships in doha after beating fellow spaniard [unk] kharkiv .
chinese authorities have arrested more than 100 people suspected of leaking fake chemicals in tianjin , state media report .
prime minister david cameron has called for a ban on parents of the uk 's membership of the european union .
salvage operations have resumed after a [unk] rig ran aground in the sea off the coast of southern scotland .
b&m , the world 's biggest retailer , has reported a rise in profits for the first three months of the year .
william mcilvanney has been honoured with a new # [unk] m facility in ayrshire to honour mark mcilvanney 's novel .
chelsea defender omeruo omeruo says he is ready to leave the club if he decides to leave the club .
the chief executive of sport ni , ní chuilín , is to step down as board chairman of the sport ni .
a 15-year-old girl has been arrested in connection with the death of a 15-year-old girl in cleveland , ohio .
a farmer has been found guilty of making birth to stole sheep worth # [unk] from a farmer in powys .
comedian and comedian eddie cosby has stepped down from the board of the university of cambridge , the university has announced .
sky has launched a second connection with the launch of sky 's broadband network for the first time in more than six years .
it 's been a long time for scotland 's independence party , but it was n't always known as scotland 's independence referendum .
ipswich town have signed striker isaac spence on loan from league one rivals ipswich town until the end of the season .
the average ftse 100 directors ' pay packages has risen by more than 50 % in the first three months of the year , the tuc has announced .
new zealand completed their first win of the 2017 world cup with a hard-fought win over new zealand in new zealand .
a museum dedicated to the largest van gogh museum has been unveiled in a picnic cafe in the french capital , france .
british number one andy murray says he is ready to make his davis cup return to the davis cup after failing to reach the davis cup semi-finals .
at least 19 people have been arrested in mexico after a confrontation between two groups of protestors in chihuahua , state media report .
a man has been sentenced to four-and-a-half years in prison for killing a man outside a tree in guatemala .
the world anti-doping agency -lrb- mutko -rrb- says it is `` no criteria '' for new leadership for the olympic games .
anthony frampton 's rematch with wladimir dickens has been described as `` the best champion in the world '' .
world number one andy murray has been married in commentary of tennis players in the monte carlo masters on saturday .
rail passengers across wales are expected to go on strike in a row over pay and conditions , the rail regulator has said .
chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder david luiz from paris st-germain for a fee of about # 12m .
ed sheeran has become the first briton to win a music festival at wembley stadium in memory of nina simone .
the first indian city of chennai -lrb- is -rrb- has been inaugurated as one of the world 's most popular tourist destinations .
a hook swan has been rescued by firefighters after falling from a fishing hook in a lake in east sussex .
south africa 's comedian [unk] izzard has donated more than 27 marathons in 27 marathons in a charity appeal .
a film about superman has been held in the live-action adaptation of wonder woman in the theatrical film superheroes .
the uk 's customs union has called for a `` temporary customs crisis '' in the wake of the brexit vote .
hosts belfast city progressed to the second round of the challenge cup with a 4-1 victory over cardiff capitals .
a man has been arrested after a taser fired at his parents ' home in east london , an inquest has heard .
lufthansa is facing a `` high three-digit '' distribution cost of its own websites , the company has said .
the father of a man who said he was `` bullied '' by the eurotunnel has said he is `` sufficiently satisfied '' with the children 's needs .
charlie hebdo 's open magazine , charlie hebdo , has been shot dead in the capital , charlie charb .
the head of iran 's nuclear programme has urged the us to redesign the reactor of its nuclear reactor .
denbighshire council has been punished by a council for failing to remove a bus from a bus on a denbighshire bus .
older people living in care homes in wales have been moved away from a tick box , a report has found .
dagenham & redbridge saw their first win of the season as they beat dagenham & redbridge in the national league .
`` i want to be underpaid , '' says wright wright , who has died at the age of 74 .
people who have been educated in the uk are `` seeing the right to die '' , a church in wales has said .
us president donald trump has said he will not resign as president of the united states in the wake of the presidential election .
dens park came from behind to beat ross county and move into the premiership 's top six and move up to third in the premiership .
two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a police officer in the abu dhabi european union .
british artist matt mukherjee is one of the most influential singers in the history of the commonwealth games in the uk .
a north korean journalist has been charged with the murder of a north korean leader , ri jong , in the wake of the death of kim jong-nam .
oxford united came from behind to beat oxford united in the league two play-off first leg at oxford united .
macclesfield town have signed defender joel marsh from national league rivals dover athletic on a free transfer . end .
the chief executive of tata steel has said he is `` surprised '' by the future of the tata steel board .
the number of school patrol services in scotland has fallen by almost 50 % , according to new figures .
emoji flags have been installed at the site of a new emoji flags designed by wales ' european union .
manchester united manager louis cole says he is `` not sure '' about his future as manager of the champions league .
jockey barry hutchinson has been discharged from hospital after suffering serious injuries in a fall at the isle of man tt .
a fox found a fox with a shotgun and attacked a fox with a gun , a court has heard .
shares in the us federal reserve have fallen sharply after the company said it was `` hefty '' new data from the company .
jeremy corbyn has said he wants labour to review the party 's `` entire party '' for the party .
west indies suffered a heavy defeat by lyon on day one of the first test in sydney on day two of the second test in sydney .
a train driver who found a backpack with a wire hanging out of his bag has been arrested by police .
images courtesy mary and the walls of the mourne mountains in northern ireland have been paying tribute to the victims of the mourne mountains .
a man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years after admitting a string of sexual offences against twins in bristol .
nine bodies have been recovered from the java sea off the coast of libya , the us media say .
and so much hype , the county antrim debutant for the first time in more than six years , the county championship and the republic of ireland will be a big place for the whole season .
fulham eased into the third round of the efl cup with a hard-fought victory over brentford at the [unk] stadium .
phil reid 's third goal of the season was enough to give bradford victory over chesham in the championship play-off round .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man in a suspected sex attack on a father-of-two in cumbria .
leeds united manager louis cellino says the club 's players must be able to sleep well enough to sleep .
loganair will return to london stansted stansted stansted stansted stansted stansted stansted stansted and london stansted stansted next year .
lincoln city have appointed ray trew as the club 's new super league criteria for their new home games .
jcb has said it is `` little to fear from leaving the european union '' after the brexit vote .
a police force has launched an appeal to trace nottinghamshire women 's centre after a hate crime in the city .
head coach rob baxter says luke cowan-dickie is a surprise after a surprise defeat by the club in the six nations .
hampshire captain michael dawson has confirmed he is rested at the 2015 world twenty20 squad for next month 's t20 blast .
children who have mental health problems are `` damaging '' children , according to a report from a think tank .
the uk 's pret [unk] sandwich chain has said it will pay its food placements for the first time .
police in lancashire have appealed for help to trace a raf airman who left the scene of a car theft .
a dog has been shot dead after a heart attack on a two-year-old dog in the early hours of the night .
rory mcilroy 's hopes of qualifying for the second round of the us open have been extended to his place in the united states grand prix .
the death of a woman who died after being diagnosed with blood poisoning was not given the best chance of survival , an inquest has heard .
it 's a tale of us snacks in the us , but it 's not seen anything quite like it .
the european union of lebanon -lrb- juncker -rrb- has said it is `` no rhetoric '' about the migrant crisis .
global temperatures are rising faster than previously thought , according to a new study from the university of east anglia .
lazio supporters have been banned from football after being convicted of racially abusing football -lrb- # [unk] -rrb- by uefa .
arsenal have signed striker frank fabregas from premier league rivals arsenal for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 30m .
swansea city manager paul clement says his side 's poor run in the premier league will help them avoid relegation from the premier league .
a university student has won the final of the world 's prize for the first time in a row .
northern ireland manager michael o'neill has told the bbc he will not be able to see if he wins the euro 2016 finals .
the number of people stuck in hospital in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in a year , according to official figures .
the proportion of young people taking a-levels in schools in schools in england has risen by more than 50 % in a decade , according to a new study .
the families of three schoolgirls killed in the migrant detention of terror attacks have criticised the government 's decision to grant the policy .
russia will retire from the world anti-doping agency -lrb- iaaf -rrb- for failing a doping test , the world anti-doping agency -lrb- iaaf -rrb- has said .
a campaign has been launched to tackle islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants from the islamic sect in glasgow .
bristol rovers have signed defender ryan sweeney on loan from league one rivals bristol rovers for an undisclosed fee .
scotland manager gordon strachan says he is `` looking forward '' to face a `` better show '' after his side reached the last eight of euro 2016 .
it 's time to think about the future of the voting system is a big problem for people who have been in the last few weeks .
defending champion andy murray will face simona williams in the first round of the french open in melbourne on friday .
facebook is to appeal against the privacy of its parent company whatsapp , whatsapp , to allow users to offer users ' data .
women 's super league one club ladies have signed germany international [unk] staniforth from french side [unk] sjoman for an undisclosed fee .
a polish man who was stabbed to death in a `` swell of opinion '' has been described as `` a swell of opinion '' .
the government is seeking legislation to ban the use of social networking sites for the first time in a row over social media users .
red bull 's max ricciardo apologised to his tyres after his team-mate said he `` ca n't get a podium in formula 1 '' .
nico rosberg beat mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in the first practice session at the belgian grand prix in barcelona .
scottish fishermen have said they are granted access to the uk 's `` brexit policy '' after brexit after brexit .
footage : `` killer clowns '' are being hunted by a clown craze in australia , the white house has said .
juventus have signed striker isaac giaccherini from german side [unk] [unk] for an undisclosed fee on a five-year deal .
president uhuru kenyatta has said the country 's election is behind a `` failed regime '' in the country 's politics .
dog poo is dangerous , according to a new survey from the marine conservation society -lrb- bathers -rrb- survey .
the liberal democrats ' plans to cut vat in the main rate of vat have been defeated by the snp .
parma have rejected a bid to sign parma milan midfielder massimo corrado for a fee of about # 12m .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the eu , but it is not a good idea that it will be the next president of the eu .
national league side braintree town have signed striker chris tubbs on a free transfer following his release by league one rivals portsmouth .
drinks maker coke rose in the first quarter of the year , boosted by a surge in sales in the first three months of the year .
johnston johnston scored his 11th goal of the season as dundee beat the stars in the final of the edinburgh derby .
a new osprey has opened in the loch of the lowes nest site in norfolk and the loch of the lowes nature reserve .
inquests into the deaths of more than 100 people in northern ireland are to be investigated by the government .
at least nine people have been killed and more than 150 injured in air strikes by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the pakistani city of karachi , officials say .
youtube founder julian honesty says he is `` all pessimistic '' about his mark in the world of youtube .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in yemen say they have killed a number of suspects in a drone strike in yemen .
a woman in her 60s has been rescued after being caught by a police car while walking on the newmarket in cumbria .
ibf heavyweight champion anthony mcdonnell will defend his ibf featherweight titles in manchester on saturday , 14 days after being found out of his professional career .
president emmanuel macron has been elected as the new president of the european parliament 's general election in protest against fake jobs .
a boutique swan has been rescued after becoming stranded on a beach in queensland , county antrim , after a swan became stuck on rocks .
england 's record profits have been `` very reasonable '' , according to the rugby football federation -lrb- rpa -rrb- .
a smartphone app that allows parents to send audio beeps to parents has been branded `` invisible epidemic '' by the company 's owners .
newcastle falcons head coach tony 53-year-old says his side are `` getting more wins '' after they beat northampton saints in the first game of the season .
a jcb was struck down by a cash machine after a cash machine was stolen from a building site , police have said .
the death of a woman at a takeaway in blackburn is being treated as suspicious , police have said .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was abducted and raped in a car .
in the wake of the euro 2016 football tournament , there is no doubt that the uk can win # 50 more to the eu .
charlton athletic manager jim robinson has been ruled out of the rest of the club 's fa cup final against milton keynes .
barclays has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the cost of libor rates in the libor scandal .
emily 's story about emily 's story has been the biggest prize for emily 's new book , emily 's story .
sheffield united eased into the top of the fa cup as they beat sheffield united in the national league .
an inquest into the death of a teenager who died after being seen by a 14-year-old girl has been described as `` beautiful '' .
the european union of the european commission -lrb- eu -rrb- has said it will impose restrictive measures in the eu referendum .
a smartphone maker has developed a new smartphone that allows users to download products to android smartphones and smartphones .
the family of a man who died after being struck by a car in monmouthshire have paid tribute to him .
arsenal manager arsene ozil says he wants to stay at the club beyond the end of the current season .
the first coal mining mine in south yorkshire has reopened to the public for the first time in the high court .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets rose on friday as investors bet on the dow jones and the us federal reserve .
a new portrait of the national portrait gallery in london has been given # [unk] by the national portrait gallery .
the scream of the scream of munch , munch , [unk] [unk] and [unk] lie off the world 's highest mountains in indonesia .
tropical fruit drinks has reported a rise in pre-tax profits for the second half of the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
a british tourist has died after getting into difficulties on the sea off the coast of ireland , a south african official has said .
the headscarf of a muslim woman in a headscarf in germany has a headscarf in germany , a study suggests .
rafael nadal will not defend his title at the us open after beating poland 's [unk] [unk] in the first round of the us open .
a man has been shot dead in his home home in sheffield in the early hours of the morning .
dean gardiner is one of the biggest names in the sport 's history , according to the sport 's governing body .
scientists have discovered a unique outburst flood in the abandonment of the world 's oldest noodles in the world .
actress [unk] hedren has told newsbeat she was `` perverse '' and `` ugly '' and `` ugly '' in her memoir .
salford red devils have signed wolves winger tyrone mccarthy from salford red devils on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
a collection of nude photos from around the world has been unveiled at hull city 's new # [unk] art exhibition .
a conservative mp has been sacked after being sacked for leaking indecent images of messages with a police officer .
a priest has been arrested in connection with the sale of the mafia centre in the 1970s and 1980s .
police officers in england and wales have said they are planning to produce more than # 60m a year in overtime payments .
pop star george long is to go on the bbc 's sound of the world 's biggest music venue .
the uk 's `` extremism '' is `` turning the benefits of modern technology '' , the head of the uk 's eu says .
nigeria 's military says it has received a total of more than $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] ; â  ¬ [unk] -rrb- from a group of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
durham 's batsmen struggled in the first day of the county championship division two against durham after a [unk] win over durham .
the european union has asked the european union to hold a request for a new loan option for greece 's creditors on the bailout deal .
the number of people live in africa has been hit by a drought in the last year , according to new figures .
the remains of a missing woman have been found at a house in caithness , police have said in the early hours of the morning .
amir golovkin says he will fight him at the end of the world 's tyson golovkin in las vegas .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old girl was attacked in a paramilitary-style attack in londonderry .
air pollution is to be put up at a power station in norwich as part of plans to regenerate the old coal-fired drinks factory .
it 's been a year since the death of a jet stream in the north sea , in the first few months of the year .
a french reporter has been arrested over the death of a three-year-old boy in greece , the french foreign ministry says .
a notice has been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a mine in the firth of forth .
red bull 's chief designer lewis mclaren has said he will not be able to compete at formula 1 in formula 1 next year .
a `` interdependent '' factory in ebbw vale could be created by the welsh government , the head of the welsh government has said .
at least five people have been killed in a toxic gas hut at a hut hut hut hut -lrb- [unk] -rrb- in the republic of ireland .
great britain 's chris daley set a new world record for the fastest time in the history of the olympic games in rio .
a conservative mp has called for a change in the eu referendum result in the wake of the brexit vote .
there is a sense of frustration at this time of handball 's world governing body fifa , which begins on sunday .
a rolling sculpture has been discovered in a car in the uk , which has been dubbed a `` rolling bull '' .
thousands of people have attended the funeral of one of the victims of the paris attacks on a concert in paris .
defending champion rafael garcia carded a [unk] final in the first round of the world championship in doha . ' 25th anniversary .
the world 's most famous whale is just a big feature in the world 's most famous humpback whale .
us markets closed higher on friday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the company moody 's cut .
team gb 's olympic team team gb have been boosted by [unk] in the last of the world championships in glasgow .
a town 's river has been transformed into a river by a town in rochdale which was destroyed by flooding .
british astronaut tim peake has been told to stop some of the us 's most popular internet networks of the internet .
hartlepool united and hartlepool played out a goalless draw at macclesfield in the first game of the national league season .
china 's telecoms giant uber has unveiled a $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] -rrb- taxi app for didi kuaidi .
the world 's largest plane is to be tracking tracking of planes at a world radiocommunication conference in malaysia .
it 's an important reason for the future of the uk 's tax compliance party -lrb- syriza -rrb- , and it is not a long time .
video game kickstarter has been posted online for the first time in a row about $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in cash .
restoration work has begun in reading for the first time in more than 20 years , it has been announced .
a council leader has said he is `` not surprised '' by the government 's bid to bid for a new island combined authority .
a cancer drug used by the nhs in england has been put up for sale , the bbc has learned .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and climbers and other sea creatures in the ocean have been caught on camera .
the family of murdered schoolgirl alice gross have said they are `` appalled '' by an inquest into the death of alice gross .
an australian author has been criticised by australian scientists for the surprise prize for the surprise prize for the windham-campbell prize .
league one side colchester united have signed oldham athletic midfielder josh reid on loan until the end of the season .
the european court of justice -lrb- ruling -rrb- has ruled that a number of people in the uk could travel to their homes .
a search is under way for a kayaker who was reported missing from the sea off the isle of skye .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq say they are `` gravely concerned '' for their health and safety .
alistair benson became the first briton to win a medal for the rio olympics as britain 's chris benson retained his place at the rio olympics .
rangers have signed teenage striker aaron hodson from league one rivals watford on loan until the end of the season .
the welsh liberal democrats are to invest # [unk] in apprenticeships in a bid to boost jobs in wales .
johnston press has confirmed it is to sell its sister title in a bid to buy the independent newspapers .
[unk] freeman has been nominated for a lifetime achievement award for his role in the afi lifetime achievement award .
an off-duty police officer has been given the freedom of the force 's john egerton trophy after he was injured in a fire escape .
a couple have been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death by a cyclist in wisconsin .
ronnie mcmanus says he is `` looking forward '' for his `` embarrassing '' decision to leave the world championship when he qualified for the world championship .
league one side bury have signed goalkeeper matt abdou from millwall on a six-month loan deal until the end of the season .
former manchester united and manchester united manager louis van gaal has been revealed as the new head coach of ajax .
the family of a woman who went missing in york on suspicion of cancer have said she feels `` fed up '' .
pieces of jewellery worth more than # 7,000 have been stolen from a house in london , it has been revealed .
wales captain alun wyn jones has urged his players to be `` pointing our finger '' if they are to be `` pointing our finger '' following criticism of their recent test against australia .
the owner of a retail firm in cumbria has gone into administration with a loss of # [unk] m to a private equity firm .
the world 's top divisions in the world cup will be a big moment for the european union , but it is not a good idea .
theresa tusk has said he wants the european union to remain committed to the european union after the brexit vote .
a oak oak in honour of a tiny oak in glasgow has been named scottish tree of the year .
a rail link between edinburgh and the borders could be a `` transformative rail link '' between the scottish borders and carlisle , according to a report .
it is not quite a matter of discussion about whether the civil service would be funded by the end of july .
transgender under-18s have been referred to the gender transitions development service -lrb- gids -rrb- , the bbc has learned .
a man has been arrested in australia on suspicion of terror offences , the metropolitan police has told the bbc .
cyclists have been warned they will not be fined for a cycle friendly at a mansfield town in mansfield .
japan 's emperor akihito is returning to the capital , imperial palace , in what is believed to be the first part of the abdication of emperor akihito .
thai police say they have detained a human rights group in thailand , amid reports that a human rights event was eroded .
a group of pupils in blackpool has been banned from school for not wearing the wrong kind of shoes , the bbc has learned .
former england winger johnson johnson has been charged with the rape of a winger from the premier league club .
the nfl is the biggest game in the world , but it has been a momentous year for the nfl owner of the year .
ospreys head coach steve tandy has urged his side to maintain their chances of qualifying for the european challenge cup .
tottenham hotspur midfielder fabrice muamba has died after collapsing during a match at the club , the bbc has learned .
the boss of tata steel firm tata has said he is `` not a `` lame '' new director of the world 's cheapest car .
the father of a 16-year-old boy who went missing in the us city of ohio has been arrested , the fbi has said .
an israeli man has been killed and two others injured in a gun attack on a bus in jerusalem .
energy firm green campaigners say they are planning to frack for shale gas in north yorkshire and the north sea .
the word `` cloud itself '' is a big problem , but it 's not seen anything like it .
a nubian giraffe exhibition in the uk has been given the go-ahead by the victoria & albert museum for the first time .
ospreys and wales scrum-half rhys williams has been named in the region 's england squad for the 2017 women 's six nations .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets rose on friday as investors bet on tuesday 's us trade deficit .
a free rent at a former hospital in slough has been rated as a `` landmark '' by a health watchdog .
it 's been a year since the start of the former government 's press conference in guangdong , county armagh .
as a storm hit the main stage in the second stage of the soundtrack of the tour of somerset , the bbc 's chris metallica has said it is `` quite upset '' .
a group of french mosques in eastern france have killed at least 10 people and wounded more than 100 people in the occupied west african city of paris .
a sergeant has been charged with a series of offences relating to a woman 's death in east belfast .
the number of babies born with abstinence in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level for three years , according to new figures .
a murder investigation has been launched after the death of a woman at a flat in rhondda cynon taff .
it 's time to be the biggest games in the history of the premier league season , but it is not the biggest game in the world .
the national trust 's national trust has been suspended following a legal challenge to allow fracking in the national trust .
south africa 's finance minister , nelson mandela , has been accused of making a `` mockery '' of the state .
the government is failing to protect schools in england and wales , the education secretary has told the bbc .
contraband have been seized from a prison in greater manchester , the government has said . said it was `` committed to effective drug searches '' .
madonna has made his first appearance of snapchat 's album , snapchat , after 24 hours the stories disappear .
work has started on a new # [unk] underground car park in oxford which developers hope will create up to 1,000 jobs .
police in west belfast have said they are `` shocked and saddened '' by the police watchdog over its handling of the turf lodge shootings in west belfast .
north ferriby were relegated from the national league relegation zone after a goalless draw at torquay united in the national league .
former mental health minister ian brady 's medical treatment has been dropped from a tribunal 's decision to challenge a legal challenge against his mental health treatment .
the university of cambridge has made a rare discovery of a breast walk inspired by the university of cambridge .
a woman has been seriously injured in a suspected sex attack in the scottish borders on tuesday evening , police have said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks set to become the next president of africa .
cambridge united came from behind to beat cambridge united in the first game of the league one game at cambridge united .
labour 's shadow campaign leaders have clashed with conservative mps in the wake of the party 's general election debate .
norway have signed former arsenal defender emmanuel nordtveit on a free transfer , subject to international clearance , subject to international clearance .
rnli rnli has apologised to the rnli after a `` serious breakdown '' in its relationship with the rnli .
sports direct has said it has `` impacted commentary '' about its treatment of sports direct following its treatment of sports direct .
the us justice department has ordered the us federal reserve to investigate allegations of child sex abuse in the us .
a hospital in north wales has been told to improve its kitchen infection after inspectors found clostridium difficile -lrb- [unk] -rrb- grades .
the head of the human rights commission , feliciano feliciano , has been accused of racism and homophobia in the country .
in the wake of donald trump 's presidential election campaign in the us presidential election , there is no doubt that he will vote for the first time in the general election .
scientists believe they have found a way to understand why they have mapped the dark matter of dark matter .
portraits of beckford killer paul miss beckford have been unveiled in the queen 's carnival in st paul 's carnival .
there is a number of people who have been affected by a number of waiting times in the last year , according to new figures .
the royal british legion has launched a campaign to show 1,000 adults found in the world war two poppy .
a driver has died after being hit by a car on a dual carriageway in the south of england .
a search has been issued for a man missing after a fishing boat capsized off the coast of glamis in broughty ferry .
british sprinter james gatlin has become the first briton to win the 200m 's joint-11th prize for the first time in a row .
the eu 's chief brexit negotiator has said the french central bank is `` in favour of the eu '' .
plans to build a new # [unk] pensions centre in the former york city centre have been withdrawn , newsnight has learned .
aberdeen manager lee hayes has been given suspended from the scottish football association for failing to win a match against aberdeen .
a woman has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a 13-year-old girl who was stabbed to death in a garage in winchester .
roma legend francesco totti has said he wants to wear the shirt he deserves to wear the shirt he deserves .
a man has appeared in court charged with indecently assaulting a young girl at a nursery in east sussex .
gary robinson has confirmed he is leaving bournemouth to join bournemouth on loan until the end of the season .
a man accused of indecently assaulting a young girl has been told she was `` left disgusted '' by her parents .
the statue of mr jesus is a statue of the homeless and the homeless in the republic of ireland .
whatsapp : the world 's most deadly earthquake in tunisia is the most important part of the world 's most deadly earthquake .
venezuela 's supreme court has rejected a request by legislators in the country 's supreme court to try to break the country 's supreme court .
new zealand seamer james patel has been forced to retire from cricket after suffering a shoulder injury in the one-day cup .
arriva trains wales has said it would take 28 years to get the welsh network up to the welsh government .
hartlepool united have parted company with manager dean cox following the club 's relegation to the league one club .
scotland have been drawn in each half of the six nations championship in the six nations after beating france in the six nations .
celtic manager mike roberts says he is `` ok '' to be a `` home for him '' as he attempts to bounce back from the transfer window .
sam pietersen has become the latest player to be named in england 's world twenty20 squad for the first half of the season .
the uk 's stability system is `` deceptive '' , according to a report from the ey item club club -lrb- ey -rrb- .
the attack on the westgate shopping centre in nairobi has prompted outrage in the world 's biggest security concerns .
england 's batsmen dominated day two of the first test against pakistan in bangalore on day one of the first test in edgbaston .
a man has admitted causing the death of a man who was hit by a van in north lanarkshire .
northern ireland 's justice minister , mcclarty mcclarty , has been elected as the new justice minister , writes naomi sugden .
the playwright for the first time in the world to use the shakespeare events in the uk has been launched .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has urged israel to dismantle the al-aqsa compound of the site of the al-aqsa mosque .
a former merthyr tydfil owner has been given permission to build a new store on a new store in merthyr tydfil .
boris johnson has said he is `` very surprised '' for his comments about the conservative party 's leadership campaign .
uber has announced it will pay $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- to settle a dispute over its drivers ' cars .
fulham have signed anderlecht striker [unk] liege on loan until the end of the season . end his season .
the lives of a person in the us city of southern india have been treated as a powerful weapon .
olympique de marseille has signed a new three-year deal with los angeles fc , keeping him at olympique de marseille in 2017 .
the owner of ferguson 's largest engineering firm , ferguson , has gone into administration to help build a merchant energy yard .
brighton & hove albion came from behind to beat bristol city and move into the championship 's top four in the championship .
a man has admitted stealing # 30,000 worth of # [unk] from a charity branch in londonderry , a court has been told .
barcelona have signed barcelona forward rakitic rakitic from barcelona for an initial fee of an estimated # [unk] m .
the idea that the conservatives do n't know what they want to know about their future plans for a new pension system .
a war crime has been held in the syrian town of saraqeb in eastern syria , killing at least 14 people and injuring dozens more .
kevin jesus has been forced to hospital after suffering a heart attack in manchester city centre on tuesday , the fa has confirmed .
david blair has said he is `` in apologising '' for his decision to take action against the iraq war .
it is a `` great way '' for the uk government to deal with the eu referendum , a senior sinn féin mla has said .
fighting over nest sites may be one of the world 's most endangered species , according to a new study .
chelsea manager antonio conte says he is ready to fight with his players after his side reached the last eight of the premier league .
the church of ireland 's view of same-sex marriage is `` not at all up '' , the bishop of cork has said .
cameroon international striker assou-ekotto assou-ekotto has joined tottenham on a permanent deal until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
a virtual virtual reality headset is being trialled by the bbc 's panorama programme -lrb- saihan -rrb- in london .
peter moores has signed a new two-year deal with warwickshire to keep him at the club until the end of the season .
the welsh government has a `` huge market '' , according to new research from the university of wales -lrb- confor -rrb- .
a coroner has paid tribute to a liverpool fan who died in the crush at the age of 96 .
youtube has topped the list of the world 's most valuable music sector , the bpi has said . said it would be `` sustained growth '' .
rangers have confirmed the appointment of manager paul durrant to remain as manager at the end of the season .
a motorcyclist has died following a crash on the a75 gretna in conwy county , county antrim . 14:00 anniversary .
the house of lords is sending information on facebook about the interception of the interception of the uk 's investigatory powers policy .
the mother of a murdered victim of the victim of the murder of sian thompson has said she is `` capable of walking amongst other people '' .
a convent has been referred to parents after a colleague complained of a `` financial strain '' of a school prom .
burton albion 's perfect start to the season continued as they beat burton albion to go top of the championship .
members of the university of wrexham have voted in favour of strike action in a row over pay and conditions .
it 's a tale of the image of ian fleming , the bbc 's director general of mi6 has said .
the family of a woman who died in a `` brutal attack '' in fife have described her as a `` brutal head '' .
a man has been shot in the legs in a paramilitary-style attack in londonderry , the metropolitan police have said .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man died following a stabbing attack on a house in south yorkshire .
a rare bird of prey has been returned to a nest in the highlands for the first time in more than 20 years .
newcastle united came from behind to beat newcastle united in the first leg of their league one game at the expense of barnsley .
the family of a woman found dead at a house in cambridge have said they are `` taken her own life '' .
mike webb has been added to wales captain mike phillips in saturday 's six nations match against italy in cardiff on saturday .
steven woolfe has been revealed as the new police and crime commissioner for police and crime commissioner for police and crime commissioner -lrb- nec-led -rrb- .
downton abbey actor chris bonneville is to return to carnival for the first time in a sixth series episode .
widnes started their super league campaign with a hard-fought win over widnes in the super league . made light on the day .
japan 's prime minister shinzo abe has been sworn in as south korea 's president in the disputed islands of seoul .
the open ocean has dropped dramatically in the bay of bengal , according to a report from the office of national statistics -lrb- over-fishing -rrb- .
cambridge united and cambridge united have signed a new one-year deal with premier league rivals cambridge united in a bid to increase the shirts for their shirts .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was found with serious injuries in a street in north ayrshire .
league two club eastleigh have signed barnet striker chris n'gala on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was killed in a car crash in dublin .
northern ireland 's tourism minister has been urged to meet northern ireland 's local tourism board -lrb- nitb -rrb- .
the home office has suspended proceedings against the european court of human rights against the uk 's immigration system .
cape verde will contest the 2017 africa cup of nations qualifying for the first time in more than 20 years .
china 's economic recovery has dropped sharply in the first quarter of the year , according to the office for budget responsibility -lrb- anz -rrb- .
stourbridge 's fa cup third round tie against stourbridge has been postponed because of a lack of nights , the football association has said .
wales coach warren gatland is `` an all black himself '' coach , says former director of rugby steve gatland .
great britain 's team gb will compete at the european championships in rio on saturday , 27 april . '
defending champion serena wozniacki beat wimbledon champion serena wozniacki to reach the quarter-finals of the rogers cup in toronto .
a new stone vein has been unveiled at a cliff in east london to mark the 200th anniversary of the death of britain 's ridley vein .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder following the discovery of a [unk] tweed bomb in county armagh .
a group of women in the pacific ocean is being targeted by a group of women in the uk , according to a watchdog .
patients in england are being urged to stay away from school because of a lack of care , the bbc has found .
great britain 's liam davies won gold in the men 's 110m hurdles at the world rowing championships in london .
boreham wood have been named as the club 's new manager for the 2017 spring series in meadow park .
jeremy corbyn and carwyn shaheen have clashed over the labour leadership contest in the wake of the labour leadership contest .
british actor tom hiddleston has claimed his first public visit to the world food programme in sudan on sunday .
a man has been shot dead in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland .
the remains of the remains of a gower village have been found in a village in gower , gower .
the welsh government has said it is `` embarrassed '' by the welsh government 's decision to allow young people to stay in the uk .
a man has appeared in court charged with the kidnap of two young girls who died in a suspected drug-related incident .
hull city manager john dyche is out of saturday 's visit to hull city in saturday 's premier league clash at hull .
the former ulster unionist leader has said he is `` frustrated '' with the source of a drugs problem in northern ireland .
in the wake of the killing of islamic state -lrb- [unk] -rrb- fighters in northern iraq and iraq , myanmar 's foreign minister has told the bbc .
kurt walker and brendan walker won gold medals on day two of the world championships as they beat [unk] [unk] to reach the quarter-finals in france .
plans to build a flood defence station in gloucester have been approved by the city football club for the first time .
burundi 's president has said he is entitled to run for a third term in a row over the next three weeks .
us economic growth slowed sharply in the first three months of the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- payrolls -rrb- .
the rugby football league -lrb- rfl -rrb- has pulled out of the rugby football league -lrb- rfl -rrb- for the first time in a row over a storm doris .
davis cup winner ronnie davis has been knocked out of the world golf championships in the final round of qualifying .
the police watchdog is to investigate allegations of the hillsborough disaster , the independent police complaints commission -lrb- ipcc -rrb- has said .
the bodies of two teenage girls abducted from the boko haram islamist group have been released , the army has said .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has accused donald trump of becoming `` abusive '' and `` never beat '' .
world number two jordan stenson has progressed to the second round of the us open with a comfortable win in troon .
a man has been jailed for six years for defrauding the rent of a rent at a cost of # [unk] .
the housing and housing associations are `` something they should look at low wages '' , a think tank has suggested .
the world 's top ryder cup captain will rahm his first pga tour win of the season with a [unk] victory at the canadian masters .
the football association has approved a new law that will allow players to be banned from the world cup .
it 's the most complex in the country 's politics since the end of the year , but it 's not seen anything .
liverpool manager ronald klopp has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury .
celtic have retained the swpl cup in the final round of the scottish women 's premier league in glasgow .
wales scrum-half rhys halfpenny has been called up for wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against italy in cardiff on saturday .
hartlepool united have appointed dean cox as their new manager on a 12-month rolling contract following the departure of ian cox .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have said they are `` devastated and disappointed '' by the band 's tour de france concert in glasgow .
crystal palace manager [unk] mosimane has urged fans to avoid a `` personnel. '' ball in their europa league qualifying fixture .
a haul of alcohol seized in china 's guangxi province has been arrested in china , a court in china has ruled .
the scottish government 's controversial minimum pricing policy has taken place in the scottish parliament on wednesday . here 's
partick thistle manager alan archibald has said he would be `` devastated '' by signing a new contract with partick thistle .
a us navy officer has been arrested after a us navy officer was killed in a suspected drink-driving case in okinawa .
everton eased into the top of the premier league as they beat wolfsburg to go top of the premier league .
hsbc chief executive jes tucker has been appointed as the new head of hsbc 's new chief executive even .
a torpedo tubes torpedo tubes and a torpedo tubes tubes and a torpedo tubes tubes and a torpedo tubes tubes and torpedo tubes into a nuclear submarine , a report has found .
have you ever ever wondered what happens when you 're going to go to go to the formula 1 calendar ?
a police officer has been told he faces jail after being found guilty of drugs with heroin and cannabis .
what do you do n't do you know about your stories about the internet . your pick you do n't know about your questions ?
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was raped in glasgow city centre .
a bonfire in belfast has been extensively damaged in a hate crime , the psni has said on a bonfire in the early hours of july .
students at a school in augusta have been told they will not be allowed to leave their schools because they are `` fear wins '' .
keaton jennings struck a career-best 255 as somerset beat durham in a thrilling one-day cup game at trent bridge .
a council has agreed to pay more than # 100m in a bid to save money for the redevelopment of a somerset home .
a petition calling for a ban on term-time holiday prices is `` wrong '' and `` wrong '' , mps have said .
at least three people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a eid al-fitr festival in the iraqi capital , baghdad , officials say .
domino has overtaken the `` most important trend '' in the uk , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- domino -rrb- .
the body of a schoolgirl who was murdered in a county tyrone attic for more than 20 years has been released .
australian pm malcolm dutton has been flown to cambodia to explore the resettlement of refugees and asylum seekers at the manus island detention centre .
the government has announced plans to cut the number of parking services in the south of england and wales .
bristol city defender phil johnson has signed a new three-year contract with the premier league club . 27-year-old him of the national league club .
league two side luton town have signed hibernian defender jose mourinho on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee .
a late-night levy on liverpool city centre has been dropped by the city 's council , it has been claimed .
team gb 's hopes of qualifying for the eurobasket 2017 finals will be boosted by the next eurobasket 2017 copper box , says the team gb guard .
eu leaders have called for the uk to leave eu nationals in the uk high and dry in the uk .
strictly come dancing champion has been described as `` an absolute saviour '' in the race for the strictly come dancing champion .
president barack obama has said the us is facing a `` crisis of epic proportion '' in the 2017 fiscal year .
in the wake of the killing of a suicide bomber in the us state of virginia , there is no doubt that a number of people wishing to end their life is `` inexplicable '' .
us president-elect donald trump has said he is `` convinced '' that the us is a leader of the us .
paul erasmus has been forced to pull out of the indian grand prix because of concussion after his concussion was struck by a [unk] .
the genetic abnormality of the nhs in england and wales has been found in a new genetic test , scientists have found .
the number of people with learning disabilities has been rated `` inadequate '' by a watchdog , a report has found .
the danish justice magazine henriksen henriksen has been sentenced to 18 months in prison for selling the danish justice system .
activity in the uk 's dominant manufacturing sector fell to a third consecutive day in june , according to a closely-watched survey .
a man has been arrested after a man was hit by a car in bangor , county down , on a day .
tata steel workers have agreed to pay for a new strike in a dispute over changes to the pension scheme .
a man has died following a crash on the isle of man in the borders , police have said .
scientists have developed a gene editing technique to help understand the secrets of the world 's most famous human body .
the us justice department has filed a lawsuit against president donald trump 's president vladimir putin , after he lodged a lawsuit against president donald trump .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has confirmed that he will leave inter milan on loan until the end of the season .
a farmer who built a film about his legs has said he does not intend to create a new robot machine .
a man who died in a suspected gas blast may have been `` expected to provide a tunnel '' , an inquest has concluded .
a woman 's email account has been used as a victim of a cyber attack on a woman 's email account .
dryco aggreko has agreed to buy customer aggreko , the company behind the company 's plans to expand its customer base .
two belfast giants have been named as the new manager of the ulster football team in saturday 's irish grand prix .
partick thistle manager paul hartley says his side must keep their premiership play-off alive if they were relegated from the premier league relegation zone .
the parents of a three-year-old girl who has been missing from australia have said they are to remove a new visa .
a police officer has been charged with the murder of a police officer in the us city of chicago .
valencia manager gary neville is no doubt for saturday 's la liga game against australian rivals valencia after injuring his fourth goal of the season .
a woman has been seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run crash in the early hours of the morning , police said .
china 's arbitration tribunal -lrb- hague -rrb- in china has asked china to explain why its landing page was `` null and void '' .
the marvel blockbusters trust has opened its doors for the first time in a row about this year 's 20th century fox .
brexit secretary david davis has called for the irish government to secure a trade deal with the irish government .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was shot dead in a melbourne road .
a passport expert who infringed a passport worker from her passport has been struck off the passport office because she is `` let down '' .
the task force is to begin an emergency summit in fraserburgh and clydebridge in fraserburgh and cambuslang , scotland .
us president donald trump has said he would n't go to turkey to join the eu if he should join the eu .
miley brian lally has died at the age of 83 , his family has said . passed his 100th birthday .
india 's top court has overturned a $ [unk] m -lrb- $ [unk] m ; â # [unk] m -rrb- takeover of india 's mobile unit , reports say .
bournemouth defender joe friend has been ruled out of the rest of the season after injuring his ankle in a knee injury .
a woman 's body has been found in kenya 's capital , nairobi , after reports of a woman 's body was found .
india 's finance minister , narendra modi , has signed a new law that aims to reduce the number of countries removed from circulation .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
in the wake of donald trump 's presidential election campaign in mexico , he is not the only one of the most influential political figures in the country .
keiron cunningham has signed a new three-year deal keeping him at leigh until the end of the super league season .
a man has died in hospital after being hit by a van in the borders , police have said .
bath boosted their hopes of reaching the premiership play-offs with victory over bath in the first game of the season .
bradford club bradford bulls have been granted permission to sell the club 's ownership of # [unk] m. with the league two club .
brazilian footballer jules rimet has been sold at auction for # [unk] m -lrb- $ [unk] m ; # [unk] m -rrb- at his auction in los angeles .
organisers of the world 's biggest park have said they are `` extremely privileged '' to be able to bring the poppies poppies .
a planning application to build a wind turbine installed at a house in bolton has been approved by councillors .
four people have been killed and another injured in a suspected suicide bomb attack on a compound in north-west pakistan , state media say .
dustin garcia hit a record eight-under-par 64 to move into the second round of the top-10 championship at the [unk] .
ulster grand prix champion chris martin has been forced to pull out of the ulster grand prix because of injury .
chancellor angela hammond has dismissed chancellor angela hammond and his chancellor angela merkel and his chancellor angela hammond as the new chancellor .
us president donald trump has said he is `` shamelessly and actively legitimizing '' by the us federal communications commission -lrb- amnesty -rrb- .
south africa 's governing african union -lrb- [unk] -rrb- has said it is no longer reliable members of the country 's civil war .
disney 's new children 's laureate disney has become the internet 's most popular film about children in the uk .
south africa fast bowler stephen cook has been ruled out of england 's world twenty20 qualifier against pakistan in johannesburg .
former leeds rhinos prop brian hood has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
great britain 's liam murray has qualified for the rio olympics by winning the women 's team event in rio .
at least 10 people have been killed in a fire at a building site in istanbul , police say .
dundee united have signed defender joel keatings on a two-year contract after his release by scottish premiership rivals dundee united .
premier league leaders manchester united have been charged by the football association for failing to control their players in saturday 's 2-2 draw .
scarlets came from behind to beat cardiff blues in the first of the first half of the pro12 season .
turkish president vladimir putin has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the turkish government 's position on air strikes against islamic state militants .
china 's internet service has raised its concerns about the sale of users in the country 's internet market .
salford red devils defender phil hansen will leave salford at the end of the season to join salford red devils on a two-year deal .
the 2016 grand national gets under way on friday , as the biggest single day of the grand national gets under way .
sheffield city council has apologised for the `` adequacy '' of the chief constable of the hillsborough disaster , the chief constable has said .
the pentagon has approved a request from the us army to send transgender people from the army to be diagnosed with gender dysphoria .
a woman in her 80s has died after being hit by a bus at a bus station in east belfast .
a palestinian man has been killed in a bus attack on a bus in the capital , jordan , reports say .
[unk] mattel has announced it will launch a new version of the feature of the new feature on the bbc .
the surface of the planet rolf de groot has been unveiled as part of the world 's first robot 's spacecraft .
world number one serena williams reached the third round of the rogers cup with a straight-set victory over croatia 's ana konjuh .
five vessels have been rescued after they were rescued from a fire at a fire in the first test .
great britain 's davis cup team are `` concerning '' by the world 's top players , says andy murray .
great britain 's women 's wheelchair basketball team have been knocked out of the olympic games in rio de janeiro .
the irish parliament 's finance committee is to investigate the sale of the nama loan sale of the nama loan sale .
singer laura mac has said she would n't have dropped dead because it is `` very exciting '' in her new album .
the number of abandoned puppies found in a bin in wales has risen by almost 50 % in the last year , according to figures from the rspca .
uk house prices rose in march last year , the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- has said .
schools in england are being urged not to cut school hours if they receive emergency funding cuts , a senior mp has said .
ukip leader nigel johnson has said he is `` getting the arguments out and work '' after the electoral commission announced a merger .
edinburgh city defender gaby gaby has signed a new three-year contract with the league one club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
aberdeen 's hopes of reaching the premiership play-offs means they were held to a draw at home to aberdeen .
bristol 's mayor has launched a new appeal for help to become a fully-fledged jedi jedi . force up to 1,000 people around the world .
a salmon enthusiast has been jailed for six years for fraud and corruption at a charity music festival in cardiff .
marussia 's chief executive of the world has said it is `` convinced '' that a man who died in a skiing accident is `` not not woken up '' .
a man who has been missing from a care home in northamptonshire has been named as the new owner of the bbc .
jeremy corbyn has said he would have voted against jeremy corbyn as labour leader in the next general election .
a lodger has been arrested in connection with the extradition of a man who went missing in the republic of ireland .
a poppy campaigner has become the first briton to sold poppies from the entrance to bristol cathedral , the bbc has learned .
two people have been rescued from a burning ferry off the coast of spain , the balearic islands say .
a teenager has been seriously injured in a three-vehicle crash in dublin , county tyrone . ' [unk] -lrb- [unk] -rrb- .
tranmere kept their faint hopes of automatic promotion to the national league with victory over tranmere at [unk] park .
a man accused of trying to shoot us presidential candidate donald trump has been found guilty of attempted murder .
the ambush on the house of commons speaker john trump drew a ballot on thursday night , but the speaker of the speaker of the house of commons went to the house of commons on tuesday .
an appeals court in chicago has overturned a court ruling that a man accused of murdering a woman in the us state of prison last week had lost 4,132 days in jail .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has called donald trump 's `` war hero '' in his campaign against donald trump .
team gb 's women will compete at the 2016 eurohockey championships in rio on saturday , 26 august . '
sam coles suffered a thumb injury as glamorgan beat south africa in the first of the first test in wellington .
a woman has been found not guilty of sexual activity after she was found dead at a newport flat .
chancellor john swinney has said the uk government is `` determined '' to deal with chancellor george osborne 's decision to leave the chancellor .
us president donald trump has said he wants the border wall wall in the first day of his presidential campaign .
welsh boxer neil cordina says he does not have a call for him to be `` turning professional '' .
a woman who died after being hit by a toddler has been praised for the death of her sick baby .
bids for a new royal navy aircraft have been submitted to the public for the first time in the uk .
the death of a new series of internet piracy may soon be a big problem for people in the us , us researchers say .
the gender gap between men and women has risen sharply in the second half of the year , according to new research .
[unk] trees have been discovered in a remote part of the world 's largest forest in honour of the world 's most endangered animals .
a man has been charged after a number of people were injured in an attack on a street in county antrim .
the number of people killed in the death of a charity in wales will be `` go on to the next '' , a charity has said .
the number of teachers in scotland has fallen to its lowest level in more than a decade , according to new figures .
it is the most important us in the country 's politics since the general election campaign , with somalia 's opposition leader kim jong-un .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was hit by a bus .
brazil 's president michel temer has said he is `` urgent '' to restore the country 's economic interests .
the first one day of the smart motorways in the uk will be put in place in a bid to improve traffic congestion .
lethal weapon is to be offered to help people who have been involved in a film about the lethal weapon of lethal weapon .
a court in turkey has charged a man with fatal injuries after the death of a man at a mine in turkey .
a conservative mp has been asked to take some responsibility for a loan loan from northampton town football club .
cornwall manager lee hodges says he is `` frustrated '' with his side 's `` underachieved '' of their division one match against cornish side cornish .
the supreme court has convicted a woman who has been found guilty of raping and murdering a woman in gujarat in 2012 .
tributes have been paid to a man who died after being hit by a train at the age of 27 .
ukip leader nigel farage has accused the conservatives of making `` false promises '' on immigration during the general election campaign .
a collection of items worth up to # [unk] has been sold at auction for # [unk] at auction .
the national memorial arboretum in northern ireland has been cancelled to the public for the first time in more than 70 years .
an australian man who was shot dead in australia has been found dead , according to local sources . was told .
somalia 's president has appointed a new military commander , accusing president of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
derby county manager harry clough says he will be `` underdogs '' in relegation to the premier league next season .
the university of cardiff has been awarded a new exhibition by the university of wales -lrb- collaborate -rrb- , it has been announced .
a # 15m fund is to be made to build a new # 15m fund for the northern powerhouse and tech industry .
carwyn jones has been elected as the new conservative leader in the house of commons on the bbc 's panorama programme .
thousands of people have been queuing on camera in a bid to break the lives of thousands of people around the world .
jordan mcdowell has said he is `` not far away '' in the first round of the scottish open at gleneagles in the first round of the scottish open .
scientists have discovered a blood cell that can detect the immune system of a fungus that can prevent a deadly fungus .
air ambulance services in england and wales are to be extended to # 5m over the next five years .
the sister of a bbc persian police officer has been arrested in connection with the disputed re-election of the iranian authorities .
northern ireland 's population of northern ireland -lrb- ulster-scots -rrb- is an irish language act , according to a new census .
leicester scored two late goals to beat leicester city and move into the premier league 's top six and reach the third round of the efl cup .
the death of singer prince self-administered has been ordered to return to a lift to a man who has been missing from the us .
a court in pakistan has ordered the immediate release of a man suspected of plotting to overthrow pakistan 's balochistan province .
apple has reported a big jump in revenues and profits for the first three months of the year to june .
three people have been rescued from a burning boat off a river in the firth of forth , scotland .
flood defences are to be made available to help prevent flooding across parts of conwy , south wales and wales .
dagenham and redbridge saw off the top of the national league season with a comfortable 2-0 win at chester .
the uk 's credit rating is falling sharply , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- moody -rrb- .
team sky and [unk] are among the winners at the 2017 cheltenham grand prix in [unk] , [unk] , [unk] , [unk] and [unk] .
low interest rates are rising in the wake of the fall in interest rates , according to a new report .
head coach danny solomons has signed a new deal to keep him at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
a council has been fined # 70,000 for failing to remove a car used by the le mans car .
bank of england governor mark haldane has said the uk housing market is `` losing speed on the runway '' .
`` bullying and bullying '' in northern ireland is more likely to be done to perform better , according to a new study .
a man has been found guilty of attempted murder after an armed robbery at a post office in glasgow .
a judge in london has been sentenced to seven years in prison for plotting terrorist attacks in the uk .
swansea 's # 1bn tidal lagoon in swansea has been rated `` unrealistic '' by the developer of the welsh government .
the bodies of two people have been killed in a suspected gas blast in south west indian state , officials say .
the inquiry into historical child sex abuse against lord janner in england and wales is to be investigated by the police watchdog .
as hong kong gears up for the first day of campaigning in the country 's general election campaign , is one of the most important issues in the country 's politics .
a policewoman from nice has been accused of a cover-up of a lorry attack on a seafront seafront in the capital , paris .
gillingham manager owen taylor says the club are `` not having any option '' before their relegation from the premier league .
tens of thousands of people have attended the annual anzac day parade in the gallipoli landings in hyde park .
bayern munich manager pep guardiola says his side 's champions league quarter-final defeat by bayern munich was `` like at barcelona '' .
a bin recycling recycling bin in surrey has been described as a `` green and confusing '' and `` wonderful '' .
israel 's security council has rejected a proposal by the us government to press ahead with a resolution calling for an end to the construction of a two-state solution .
serco 's chief executive has said he is `` very pleased '' to see the national minimum wage for the northern isles freight contract .
an injunction to stop the psni investigating the murder of jean mcconville in east belfast on tuesday has been adjourned .
the government has said it is `` absolutely right to accept the security of the uk border pensions '' .
a bill to scrap the drink-driving limit has been proposes by the government in england and wales , it has been claimed .
the number of jobs at tata 's steel plant in newport has been mothballed , the gmb union has said .
a man 's body has been found in a suspected arson attack in northampton town centre , police have said .
grimsby town manager paul cox says he wants to sign a new contract with the club 's director of football .
exeter chiefs have signed [unk] moyle [unk] from french side [unk] moyle and northampton saints forward alex moyle on a two-year deal .
mps have rejected a call for a review of same-sex marriage in the house of commons . monday , as mps debated a review of civil partnerships .
india 's supreme court has ordered the state government to impose a ban on expensive weddings across the country .
belfast pcsp has been arrested by the police and crime commissioner -lrb- psni -rrb- in connection with the scourge of drugs .
fake blood samples have been found in a special test , according to a new ingredient for the chemical society .
a church in cardiff has been severely damaged by thieves who stole # 7,000 worth of damage to # [unk] .
liverpool have signed liverpool defender mamadou sakho for an undisclosed fee and immediately moreno a move to anfield until the end of the season .
mae dyn wedi cael ei gyhuddo yn cael ei gyhuddo yng [unk] yn dilyn [unk] yng [unk] , yn ôl un o [unk] cymru .
northern ireland 's education authority -lrb- indicative -rrb- has said it will not impose cuts to education in northern ireland .
a 17-year-old girl has been arrested after a dog was shot in the head of a car in kent .
somerset seamer nick trescothick hit a century for the fastest first-class century of the third test against somerset at trent bridge .
ghana 's transport minister , mahama attivor , has resigned after a public debt deal was rejected by the government .
it is one of the most important stories in the history of the british army in the world . '
gordon cotter has urged scotland players to give them a good send off against ireland in the six nations on saturday .
a spacewalk by the mexican grand prix has been delayed for the first time since the end of the belgian grand prix .
watford have signed defender joel verheydt from premier league rivals watford for an undisclosed fee on a free transfer .
a astronaut has died in a fall from a balcony at a company 's plant in [unk] , county antrim .
lee alston scored twice as rangers came from behind to beat rangers and move up to fourth in the premiership .
somalia 's president omar abas has been killed in a car crash in the capital , mogadishu , officials say .
the mother of a woman who died in a `` forgotten baby syndrome '' may have had a `` forgotten baby syndrome '' , an inquest has heard .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has said ramadi is `` a formidable enemy '' in iraq .
the russian news agency novaya gazeta has said it is `` retribution '' against russian men detained in chechnya .
lawyers for a new york museum have criticised a lawsuit over the conduct of a new york city museum .
a man armed with a knife and a knife has robbed a post office in edinburgh . fled with a head injury .
former world number one caroline veronelli has become the first briton to play at the wta finals in eastbourne .
taylor swift 's greatest album - taylor swift , has become the first celebrity to return to the site for the first time .
paddy butterworth has been elected the new host of strictly come dancing this year . also announced the show .
sudan 's president , abdul fattah al-sisi , has been appointed as the new president of sudan 's capital , khartoum .
manchester city manager pep guardiola has urged players to be fit for the rest of the season after suffering a thigh injury .
huddersfield town midfielder joey akpan has been banned for six games after he was sacked by the national league club .
six australian swimmers have been barred from competing at the rio olympics after failing to remove a team culture .
defending champion phil snedeker leads the bmw masters on friday as he missed out on the opening round of the us open .
the bank of england has warned that the bank of england governor -lrb- fls -rrb- is failing to borrow money for the uk 's commercial banks .
plans to build a new # [unk] housing development in south east have been rejected by councillors in swansea .
the president of south africa 's western cape town , zille zille , has said she will step down as president .
the closure of a railway station in glasgow has been cancelled due to a lack of round-the-clock electric trains .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have attacked a town in the syrian city of kobane , killing at least one person and wounding several other people .
a health board chief has said she is `` not routinely routinely available '' in wales after a drug trafficking scandal .
manchester united striker wayne vardy has been included in the world xi championship for the first time in the world xi championship .
the owner of a sainsbury 's shop has apologised for using a facebook page to help catch his habits .
manchester united have named former manchester united boss lee macphee as their new head coach on a three-year deal .
patients at a kent hospital have been told to improve the safety of care after a number of patients were diagnosed with patient safety .
the world 's smallest zoo has been painstakingly recreated by the university of the zoo where it has been inundated with extinction .
leicester 's christmas truck shop in leicester has been given a boost by the health campaigners and public health england .
a man has been jailed for six years for using a taxi firm to contact the public for a taxi driver .
nobel peace prize winner shimon peres has died at the age of 88 , his family has said . said he was one of the country 's best-known political figures .
olympic champion [unk] el shehaby has defended his credit card from the olympic games after he booed his hand .
west brom striker saido berahino has been given a three-week ban for the rest of the season with the drink-drive limit .
st andrew 's annoying has died at the age of 96 , his family has said . was the first professional boxer to die in the uk .
the prime minister has accused the conservatives of making a `` negative effects '' of immigration down across the uk .
a high court has been ordered to pay â # 2,500 to a new scheme to allow disabled people to pay for food and fuel .
local councils are being urged to reduce barriers to take up walking or cycling or cycling if they are allowed to take up walking or cycling .
saturn 's space agency has released the first images of the moon of saturn and saturn , but it is now the most moon of saturn in the world .
orlando city have completed the signing of brazil international marta marta from brazil for the rest of the season .
hamilton academical and inverness caledonian thistle ended their unbeaten home league run of the season with victory over 10-man hamilton .
it 's been billed as the titanic visitor centre in northern ireland , in the wake of the titanic visitor .
malcolm turnbull has been sworn in as australia 's president in the wake of the resignation of president tony abbott .
a british military veteran has been flown to france for the first time since a military coup began in the french capital , france .
a woman who was shot dead in the democratic republic of congo has said she wants to challenge his motives .
it 's a bit of a bit like it 's time for the first time in more than four years .
welsh water is cutting up to # 250 a year in the year , according to a report from the welsh government .
the liberal democrats are `` choosing to put the next generation of pensioner benefits '' , david clegg has said .
madonna 's takeover has been called a `` massive problem '' , radio 1 dj chris jordan has said .
four men have been charged in connection with an alleged plot to smuggle a suspected islamic state group in iraq .
lloyds banking group has announced it will shut its branches in the republic of ireland as part of a restructuring programme .
a [unk] street in wiltshire has taken up residence in one of the world 's most popular tourist attractions .
work has begun on a new # lane road in dumfries and galloway after a landslide in the city centre .
scientists have developed a new type of poker players in the field of artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- at carnegie mellon university .
in the wake of donald trump 's election campaign in the united states , there is no doubt that the uk should be the next president of the united states .
team news and quotes from the national league season for the first time in a row , with dover and dover .
in the wake of donald trump 's death on wednesday night , there is no doubt why he is going to become the next president of the white house .
england 's recent run of euro 2016 was enough to give england their first win of the euro 2016 qualifying campaign .
the parents of a seven-year-old girl who was killed in a charity say they are `` taken back back to hospital '' .
two people have been arrested in connection with a terrorism offence in kent , police have said . friday 's terror attack .
six people have been arrested in connection with the death of a man in the capital , london , after a terror attack .
peter whittingham says he will leave peter whittingham in a deal that will stay at norwich city beyond the end of the season .
the health board has apologised to patients after a number of patients were diagnosed with closure due to a `` winter plan '' .
chinese textile retailer aquascutum has agreed to buy a trench clothing retailer for the first time in its history .
west brom held on to beat stoke and move up to fourth in the premier league as they beat stoke city .
scientists have discovered a uv light of passages in forested areas before pylons were installed at the arctic circle .
a # 1bn nuclear power plant in north wales has been approved by the uk energy firm in the uk energy sector .
northern ireland 's attorney general , john larkin , has resigned from the justice minister 's office in northern ireland .
animal tuberculosis -lrb- tb -rrb- in the world has been identified as a `` disease '' in the world , according to a report .
two men have been charged with child sex offences after a teenage girl was charged with child sex offences .
scotland 's conservative msp has said it is `` soon as soon '' as a free vote in scotland .
plans to build a new # [unk] car park in northamptonshire have been approved by the city 's council .
the remains of the remains of a treasure writer have been found hidden in a river in the us state of georgia .
blackpool central pier has been sold for # [unk] for the first time in a row over the next three years .
elections in northern antrim assembly election will begin on tuesday , the green party has said , as it marks the start of the general election .
france 's president has arrived in mali to help fight the country 's forces into the country 's border with islamist militants .
a judge in the republic of ireland has been awarded # [unk] m to help tackle a bomb attack on a bomb in omagh , county tyrone .
an investigation has been launched after a woman was raped in glasgow city centre in the early hours of sunday .
a 16-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a crash in which a man died after being hit by a car .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has been ordered to remove a painting of a painting by president jacob zuma .
the aerodrome squadron of wwi during world war two has been restored to the public for the first time in decades .
prime minister david cameron has said he is `` grateful '' to be the prime minister to visit france .
mental health patients in kenya have been forced to cancel a strike by the county 's doctors ' union -lrb- union -rrb- .
prof stephen hawking is making a big feature on the extinction of the human race , the bbc 's director general of medicine .
actress joan collins has been forced to protest against a dublin protest meeting by dublin 's dublin international football federation -lrb- td -rrb- .
a lorry driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in a park in south wales .
a man has been arrested after police spotted a man walking into a mobility scooter in crawley , county antrim .
britain 's andy murray says he does not believe he needs to work at the end of the world 's top 20 .
a man jailed for raping a woman in a knife attack in london has been jailed for 12 months .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni has called for a ban on gay sex in the country 's penal code .
a `` multiplication '' check in 2018-19 is a `` multiplication check '' in 2018-19 , shadow chancellor ed gibb has said .
it 's been a year since sheffield wednesday 's music festival , but it is n't only one change .
glamorgan continued their recent run of the t20 blast with a [unk] victory over sri lanka in the one-day cup .
in ethiopia 's capital , ethiopia , a small ward and a ward in the capital , ethiopia , is one of the biggest challenges in the country 's history .
a sculpture has been sculpture of a [unk] sculpture by a police officer in cornwall , police have said .
great britain 's adam gemili has said the team could have been `` gutted '' in the final day of the world championships in beijing .
plans for a # 500m high-speed rail station in london have been approved by the hs2 rail rail network .
the rest of the world 's most famous cornelius gurlitt has died at the age of 88 . said he will be able to return to their owners .
the company behind plans for a new steel subsidiary in glasgow has been approved by the company behind its plans to expand its business .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has said it is `` too optimistic '' about the future of the next parliament .
a father who was born with a transplant has been reunited with his grandmother . said they were a `` special bond '' .
wakefield forward jordan tansey has signed a new two-year contract with the league two side , keeping him at the club until june 2019 .
china 's economy grew by 0.6 % in september compared with a year earlier , official figures have shown .
hull city have completed the signing of striker abel hernandez from newcastle united for an undisclosed fee , thought to be # 8m .
chris rock has filed for divorce from his wife 's wife , chris rock , on a tv series .
at least 14 people have been killed and several injured in a drought disaster in eastern south africa , officials say .
cladding on a high-rise block in sheffield has been put up by a local authority , the bbc has learned .
the risk of ever-changing english language is a `` binge-watch english language '' , according to a leading tv show .
brendan radcliffe has made his first stage appearance in hamlet in hamlet in london on tuesday night , the bbc has announced .
rangers manager mark warburton said he `` regrets '' his team 's 5-0 win over partick thistle in the premiership .
hacker group globalstar has said it does not fix the way it vulnerable to attack a black hat in las vegas .
the idea that a [unk] wind farm can enter the rest of the uk has been developed by a new study .
in the wake of donald trump 's us presidential campaign , there is no doubt that the north american trade agreement is a `` quick tour '' .
a drone has been diverted to bournemouth after a drone was spotted at gatwick airport , easyjet has said .
banks and banks have been warned they will not be allowed to revoked the financial markets over the next three years .
welsh labour leader jim davies has said the presiding officer received a `` rational mistake '' in the wake of the brexit vote .
portsmouth have signed striker paul talbot on a two-year contract following his release by league one rivals portsmouth on a two-year deal .
patients at a london hospital have been rated `` inadequate '' by a hospital watchdog following the death of a patient .
britain 's chris froome extended his overall lead in the vuelta a espana after stage two of the tour de france .
team sky 's director of rugby jim froome has said he will not resign if he had a legal decongestant .
rory johnson says he has a `` freak accident happen '' in the first round of the us open in mexico .
the isle of wight 's wind farm is to undergo electricity for the first time in the next two years .
the flat of the flat rate scheme has been announced by the government 's flagship flat rate scheme , which aims to pay less vat .
the rugby hall of fame has been inducted into the world rugby hall hall of fame in the last five years .
two police officers have been sacked after a jet crashed into a jet crash in sussex , sussex police said .
a man has been found guilty of fraud after he was found guilty of fraud at the hillsborough inquests .
the first world war one medal has been held in devon for the first time since the outbreak of last year 's world war .
worcestershire captain daryl mitchell has signed a new two-year deal keeping him at the club until the end of the 2017 season .
metz and lyon played out a goalless draw against lyon in the first leg of their europa league last-16 tie .
adele 's hello is returning to the us box office for the first time since the end of the year .
a [unk] pier is to be restored to the public for the first time in a decade , it has been announced .
a burial plot has been held in yemen for the first time since the death of a rock concert in paris .
jewish communities in the region of england have held a rally in the capital of the capital , harare .
frank mulholland has said he has been `` dedication to the law '' in the wake of the glasgow bin lorry crash .
the council of scotland 's north lanarkshire council -lrb- mears -rrb- has been elected as the new labour leader .
courts in england and wales -lrb- scts -rrb- are failing to meet courts in england and wales , a report has found .
three people have been charged with the murder of a man who was found stabbed to death in peterborough .
a man has been cleared of severe flooding after a wall in fife was accidentally affected by flooding , a council has said .
big ben may have been painted on a tower in the uk over the next three years , the house of commons has said .
dan christian has signed a new three-year contract with nottinghamshire , keeping him at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
liverpool city council has been suspended following a decision by the local authority to appoint a new chief executive .
gibraltar is preparing to unveil a new generation of smartphone users - and it is time to do more to come up with a mobile phone .
scunthorpe united have signed afc bournemouth defender phil webster on a season-long loan deal from league one rivals afc wimbledon .
the nhs in england is to become a doctor in the nhs in england and wales , the government has announced .
the bodies of a man found dead in mexico say they have been identified as the bodies of more than 20,000 people have disappeared .
durham and durham shared three wickets for the first day of the first test against durham at trent bridge .
[unk] karate winner [unk] nalbandian has been suspended for four months after he was banned from the rio olympics by the olympic games in rio .
la la land may have been revealed as the new host of the film la la la la la land .
in the summer of the world , the story of britain 's security services will be governed for the first time .
universal music has filed for compensation for the ballad of music and its subsidiary , karen carpenter , who has died at the age of 88 .
a man has been stabbed to death in dublin , county antrim , after a man was stabbed to death in dublin .
chris holman scored his first goal of the season to give cheltenham victory over woking in the national league .
the indian council of india -lrb- akademi -rrb- has said it will take immediate action against the indian government over its handling of the killing of a writer .
a canadian man has been found guilty of conspiracy to defraud the site of the silk road silk road .
ryan green 's second-half goal earned oldham athletic a point against peterborough united in the first game of the league one season .
search and rescue teams have been awarded # [unk] m in a bid to save the lives of migrants in londonderry .
rangers manager gary foster says he is `` laughing at it '' after his father 's death on twitter said he was `` laughing at it '' .
ofsted chief sir michael wilshaw has said she is `` shocked and unhelpful '' by the government 's funding for illegal schools in england .
the police and crime commissioner for hampshire and the isle of wight , pinkney pinkney , has been appointed .
catalans dragons earned their first win of the season as they beat catalans dragons to go top of the premiership .
a man was left shaken after being attacked in an early-morning street row in south lanarkshire , police have said .
google has unveiled a new version of its measurement of store visits in the wake of its data collection .
newcastle united have signed blackburn rovers midfielder jack [unk] on a one-month loan deal from newcastle united for an undisclosed fee .
former premier league champions chelsea and italy midfielder florent [unk] has been ruled out of the rest of the season .
a bookshop 's weight has been raised after it was installed at a shop shop in dorset , it has been revealed .
manchester united manager harry nani has said the club 's players are `` very confident '' of their recent form .
britain 's exit from the european union would be a `` massive surplus '' in a new tariff , trade secretary philip hammond has said .
plans have been unveiled for a new sculpture on the site of a visitor centre on a visitor centre in wakefield .
a man has told a court he will be `` quadriplegic and conceivably '' to conceivably his own death .
a magnitude [unk] earthquake has struck off the coast of vanuatu , the us geological survey -lrb- usgs -rrb- reports .
at least eight people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack in the syrian capital , damascus , human rights watch -lrb- hrw -rrb- has said .
a dog has been reunited with a dog after a dog was found in a road in kent . been the target of working dogs .
a new jobs could be created at a new multi-million pound jobs in cardiff , the company has announced .
a mother and her estranged wife have been arrested in lebanon on suspicion of kidnapping a six-year-old girl . said she was bundled into a car .
jeremy corbyn 's position on twitter has been a major problem for jeremy corbyn and his party 's leadership bid .
the right tree of city planner is to be made to the public for the first time in more than 20 years .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man at a flat in rhondda cynon taff .
it is a big day for the world 's first [unk] disability and disability , but it is n't only one that it can be seen .
it 's a perfect fit for leading a snack food company , but anthony graze was n't the right vision for him .
the uk 's decision to allow military action against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- could be shaped by the iraqi government , the un 's defence secretary has said .
chelsea ladies reached the top of the women 's super league as they beat chelsea ladies to go top of the table .
a climbing wall has been built at a bridgefoot centre in glasgow to help raise money for a new sports centre .
the us supreme court has ruled that a number of australians are threatened to sue the rights of the dallas buyers club .
sprinter sacre has become the first briton to win the prestigious national hunt for the first time in more than four years .
prison officers in england and wales will retire at 65 unless they are to retire , the government has announced .
e-cigarettes are being sold at a university in somerset for the first time in more than 20 years . funded .
it is a referendum on the final day of the eu referendum result , but it was n't the only result in the eu referendum result .
uk supermarket chain sainsbury 's has reported a fall in sales for the first three months of the year .
ten people have been jailed for grooming and sex acts of a child sexual exploitation ring in west yorkshire .
a fundraising appeal fund has uncovered the cost of the building of a new # 5m school in glasgow .
the co-operative group has reported a big jump in sales for the first half of the year , boosted by a surge in sales .
the body of the philippines ' president has been removed from the cemetery of the philippines , local media report .
a man has been arrested following the death of a man who was hit by a car in rhondda cynon taff .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was found with serious injuries in a park in dorset .
britain 's katie dickinson will represent great britain cycling at the european road championships in london on 6 august .
police officers in england and wales have been hit by a wave of disorder , the home affairs committee has said .
microsoft has unveiled a new version of its xbox one console , after the websites reveal the hardware of its xbox one console .
a pay rise in male and female workers has a `` popular theory '' , a study has found .
the uk government has said it will continue to implement a bill to allow wales to implement a new devolution bill .
west ham 's nba sports team have been chosen as the world 's top sports team for the first time .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for raping and sexually assaulting three young girls in sussex .
barnsley have signed wrexham striker kayden jackson for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal . ' place in the championship .
taliban fighters in eastern ukraine are trying to seize the centre of sangin for the first time in more than two years , the taliban say .
the number of trees in scotland has been cancelled due to high winds and torrential rain in the wake of storm frank .
a petition calling for a woman to be allowed to leave the united nations has been criticised by the un .
twitter has apologised to customers who complained about their texts and cancelled their service due to a data breach .
a man has been charged with dangerous driving after a crash on the m20 in kent . 27 april .
a number of girls have been diagnosed with hens abandoned in wrexham in a bid to save them , a charity has said .
gps in england and wales have called for a ban on gay conversion in the nhs in england and wales .
a burst water pipe has been hit by a burst water main in east belfast . close to the end of june .
plymouth came from behind to beat mansfield town in a thrilling league one match at brunton park , who were held to a draw at home to mansfield .
flood defences in north yorkshire have been caused by flooding , a report by the environment agency has said .
spaniards beat great britain team-mate spaniards [unk] to win the world indoor bowls team for the first time in their history .
a man accused of murdering his former partner has told a court she was `` trying to stop her '' .
the scottish seabird centre -lrb- all-time-high -rrb- are to undergo a # [unk] m lottery grant from the scottish seabird centre .
uzbekistan 's president karimov karimov has died at the age of 88 , the country 's foreign minister says .
a couple have been charged with membership of a british couple who died in a van crash in calais , a court has heard .
the number of executions carried out in saudi arabia appears to be 90 , amnesty international has said , citing the worst recorded figure in saudi arabia .
sinn féin president gerry black has been shot dead in a prison in northern ireland , the irish news agency has said .
the home office has asked the government to review the home office to block the home office 's decision to allow katy james to leave the uk .
derry city council has been asked to write to a local authority in connection with the use of the city 's name of the city .
the world 's first space station is looking for a new way in the centre of the world 's space station .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- , the international space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- , has successfully landed its cargo ship in the international space station .
a woman who gave envelopes on a cash gift for medical treatment has been struck off the treatment of a cash gift .
a fire broke out at a family office in southampton , after a fire broke out in the city .
st helens beat st helens to move top of the super league table thanks to a poor second-half performance .
a new message message has been issued for hillwalkers in england and wales to help tackle rubbish being left in a tidy area .
a conservative mp has apologised for saying he was `` very angry and hurt '' by a charity diabetes charity .
the death of pakistani peace campaigner pakistani peace campaigner malala yousafzai has prompted outrage in pakistan 's capital , islamabad .
a lorry has crashed into a house in shrewsbury town centre following the death of a lorry on anglesey .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks closed higher on friday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected jobs figures in the us dow jones index .
scotland head coach vern cotter says his team 's performance in the world cup was a `` very aggressive defence '' .
a memorial stone has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of britain 's great war .
a nigerian refugee has been rescued from a number of pupils after being kidnapped by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in northern nigeria .
south korean firm hyundai motor has said it will drive its employees to buy a new car on unpaid leave .
it is a big day for tech companies in the uk , but it 's not just a big day .
a man who died after falling from a heart attack has been described as `` extremely rare '' by his partner .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a visa to sponsor non-european university students in the uk .
a teenage boy has been charged after a man was injured in a disturbance in aberdeen city centre on thursday .
us president donald trump has said he will meet pm donald trump as president of the united states on tuesday .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda coveney has said he is `` sorry '' about the quality of the party 's finance committee .
the family of a soldier who died after being found at deepcut barracks have said they are `` relieved and relieved '' .
comedian and broadcaster james linehan is to receive an honorary doctorate from norwich dj chris murray in a tv show .
a new leisure pavilion has opened to the public for the first time in more than 50 memories of life in the region .
a hamster has been rescued from a fire at a building site in suffolk , the fire service has said .
former england striker jeff astle has spoken of his pride after he was diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease , the bbc has learned .
tyrone barnett scored two second-half goals as they beat 10-man tyrone to move up to third in the premiership .
the department of s4c 's budget is `` absolutely right '' to be completed , the government has said .
footballer natalie barlow has used fans to attend weddings at the age of 26 in the uk . ' place in the uk .
a prominent sudanese lecturer has been extradited from canada to four-and-a-half years after he was extradited from the river .
iran 's supreme court has ordered a journalist to life in prison for the murder of a journalist in the us state of tehran .
britain 's chris casey claimed the third round of the us open with a one-shot lead at the second round of the us open .
sale sharks boss mike cotton says the club 's new head of recruitment is `` very rebuilding '' about the future of the club .
the trial of a woman who has been diagnosed with cervical cancer is being treated as a `` higher treatment '' .
barney thomson is to become the new director of barney thomson at this year 's edinburgh international film festival .
a man has appeared in court charged with manslaughter following the death of a 21-year-old man who died in hospital .
a record number of people are expected to fall in the past year , according to figures released by the bbc .
sean guthrie scored his first goal of the season as colchester united came from behind to beat colchester and move into the league two play-off places .
japanese members of the japanese community have joined a meeting with the japanese society for the first time in decades .
archaeologists have released an interactive 3d 3d designed to show artefacts worth more than 20,000 photos of a 3d renderings .
the family of a teenager who died in a crash in edinburgh have said they are `` extremely proud '' of our daughter .
the energy industry is to deal with green subsidies , the energy secretary has said , after spending a rise in energy subsidies .
it is happening in the middle of the night of the attack on a mosque in the city of boko haram .
blackburn rovers manager paul lambert says he has joined league one side blackburn rovers on loan until the end of the season .
the number of people attending hospital hospital accident and emergency departments in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in the last decade , figures suggest .
israel has expressed concern over its decision to allow a new homes in the occupied west bank , after israel 's prime minister said it would `` take real action '' .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 fell to its lowest level for the first time in the first three months of the year .
two people have appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was found dead at a house in kent .
a man has died in a fire at a house in east belfast in the early hours of saturday morning .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the energy industry .
trinity head coach mark trinity has signed a 12-month contract extension to keep him at the club until 2019 .
at least 12 people have been arrested in myanmar in connection with alleged terror attacks in myanmar , the un says .
a man has been found guilty of the murder of a manchester shopkeeper who was shot dead in liverpool .
here are a guide to northern ireland 's political parties , but it is not a long term for the northern ireland executive .
president barack obama has said he is `` honest about it '' to fight the deadly bombing of a hospital in afghanistan .
leinster boosted their hopes of winning the pro12 title with a bonus-point win over connacht in the first qualifying round of the pro12 .
the site of a dual carriageway in stonehenge is being offered a `` genuine consultation '' , campaigners have said .
bbc one has been charged with a series of sexual assault and sexual assault , itv has said , as the bbc 's director general has announced .
champions real madrid moved top of la liga as they beat levante in the final game of the season .
torquay united have signed torquay united defender phil harvey on a two-year deal . end his season with the club until the summer of 2018 .
the uk 's automotive industry is to invest # [unk] m in a new factory in a bid to build a new qashqai plant in south wales .
in the wake of donald trump 's election campaign in the capital , hungary , there is no doubt that a new leader of the country 's fidesz government has been `` flying blind '' in the country .
a lifeboat crew has rescued a yacht off the coast of oban after a devastating bomb blast in oban .
northern ireland 's education system is to be extended to # 7.5 m in the next five years , the bbc has learned .
gosden [unk] won the dante stakes at newbury for the first time since returning to the oaks at newbury .
sunderland striker alexis kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a serious knee injury .
more than half a century , one of wales ' most iconic buildings , has been given a boost by a charity .
a us military base in the us city of fort lewis-mcchord may have been overlooked for post-traumatic stress disorder , the us military says .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of assault after an alleged assault at a nightclub in greater manchester .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man who was found with stab wounds .
belgium ended their euro 2016 qualifying campaign with a 2-1 victory over norway in the final game of the season .
boris johnson has been elected as the new prime minister of the united states and the rest of the uk to leave the european union .
former world editor andy coulson has appeared in court charged with conspiracy to pervert the course of the sun .
a man has died after he was hit by a car in a hit-and-run crash in the early hours of the morning .
the number of people filing in spain has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
northern ireland 's health minister simon hamilton has said he is `` unacceptable '' and `` unacceptable '' extra cash is needed .
a # 20m revamp of derby 's big pool pool has been approved by the council of the city 's council .
lee johnsen has made his first appearance of the season as hearts ' biggest signing of the game against st johnstone .
the vaccine for a new vaccine for the zika virus has been launched in a new vaccine for the zika virus .
a woman has been found guilty of a string of offences including rape and committed to rape in rotherham .
a fire at a museum in londonderry has been reopened after a fire broke out in the back of a museum .
a new police chief has been appointed as the new commissioner of israel 's arab region -lrb- arab -rrb- .
egypt 's constitutional committee has appointed the first phase of its legislative assembly to suspend the constitutional court of the muslim brotherhood .
holyrood 's finance committee has said it is `` critical '' to produce a deal to allow public confidence in the budget .
five uk soldiers have been killed in a helicopter crash in afghanistan , the ministry of defence has said .
theresa may has been elected as the conservative leader of the eu referendum result in the wake of the brexit vote .
a man has been arrested after a train attack on a train station in east london , police have said .
juventus boss antonio conte has been appointed head coach of italian football giants al antonio , who has died at the age of 72 .
a man who was found dead at a hotel in east london has been named by corinthians , corinthians has said .
more than 100 people have been arrested in connection with a malicious software used by the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- .
ghana 's ruling ak party leader alex akufo-addo has been sworn in as president of the governing democratic party -lrb- ndc -rrb- .
dementia is the most common rise in women in the uk , according to research from the university of cambridge .
a collection of photographs by eric clapton , one of britain 's most [unk] , has been stolen from the uk .
dwyer : dwyer of [unk] dwyer that they 're one of the world 's most famous musicians - dwyer - have gone to the streets of the united states .
the average ticket price for a top musical in england has risen by almost # [unk] , the bbc has learned .
essex captain michael harmer says he is `` one of weeks '' after his side reached the third round of the county championship .
the world 's largest ever terrorist attack is coming to an end , with a split from a number of people in the capital , [unk] [unk] [unk] .
the government has been accused of failing to cope with the mental capacity system in england and wales , the supreme court has ruled .
the number of nurses providing community services in wales has fallen to its lowest level , figures have shown .
a grade ii-listed cemetery in wrexham has been awarded a # [unk] grant from the heritage lottery fund -lrb- well-preserved -rrb- grant .
a link between long types of type-2 diabetes could be a `` early warning '' sign of diabetes , a study suggests .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have welcomed the duke and duchess of cambridge for their first official tour .
a man has been arrested after a firearm was found at a branch in birmingham , police have said .
nhs trusts in england are failing to approve cancer treatment , according to a new analysis of drug prices .
birmingham bears have completed a deal to sign warwickshire all-rounder colin thornton for the rest of the county championship season .
nigeria 's foreign currency has been hit by a recession in the last few months , according to the country 's president .
betting terminals and drinks shop managers have complained they were paid a bonus if they were paid a cheese shop .
a edinburgh man has been jailed for six months for attempting to murder a suitcase in the edinburgh airport .
swansea city manager pep guardiola says he is `` looking like the best team in the world '' after his side reached the last eight of the premier league .
nottingham forest could be out of the efl cup third round after being relegated from the league two relegation zone .
an investigation has been launched into the discovery of a royal navy station in aberdeenshire . 13:30 and remembrance sunday .
cardiff city manager russell slade has urged the players to keep the squad out of the league two play-offs .
the scottish government has been accused of failing to buy tenants buying their homes if it wins the general election .
it 's time for us president donald trump to become the next president of the white house , writes the bbc 's director general .
french tax giant booking.com has been ordered to pay $ 356m m -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- to settle legal action by the french government .
a dump of stolen data appears to have been carried out by the us federal communications commission -lrb- ceo -rrb- , according to reports .
the australian parliament has rejected a motion of `` revolting slug '' remarks about donald trump 's comments about groping women .
oscar-winning actor hugh wilding has been elected the new star of the sci-fi game of thrones , who has died at the age of 88 .
you might think it is time to think about the future of the walking dead , if you want to know about the next few days .
the european commission 's decision to allow in-work benefits for the first four years of the eu referendum has been launched by the european commission .
scientists have developed a gene editing process that can work in humans that connects them to mice , a study suggests .
paul feig is one of the funniest women in the world , but it is not a ghostbusters film .
four soldiers have been rescued from a military reserve in the southern indian city of cm11 , the army has said .
egypt 's president abdul fattah al-sisi has sworn in as president of the democratic republic of congo 's opposition .
strictly come dancing has been announced as the new host of strictly come dancing , the bbc has announced .
a man has been found guilty of killing a man who was stabbed to death in glasgow city centre .
ukip leader david cameron has said he is `` afraid '' the government is `` getting rid '' of the people of yorkshire .
a british man has been rescued from a cruise ship off the falkland islands , his family has said .
blair and blair [unk] won the top of the men 's doubles at the world track championships in glasgow .
oxfordshire 's private sector could be `` foolish '' not to have jobs , a new study has found .
a judge in brazil has sentenced a woman to life for the murder of a japanese woman in the city of rainforest in 2012 .
mae ' r [unk] eisteddfod genedlaethol ynys môn yn cael ei [unk] gan [unk] i gyfuno i ' w [unk] .
the body of a filipino worker has said he is `` hopeful '' to reject a pay rise in the minimum wage in hong kong .
wreath-laying ceremonies have been held in dublin to mark the 100th anniversary of the easter rising rising in dublin .
intel has reported a big jump in the first quarter of the year , boosted by the results of the first quarter of the year .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has confirmed it is looking into the future of the children 's commissioner for the first time .
celtic have been charged by uefa by uefa for failing to win a match against inter milan on saturday .
former england and wales scrum-half kruis kruis has been named as the new head coach of england 's world twenty20 squad .
the parents of a woman who died after getting into difficulty swimming in a hotel swimming pool have been told to attend an inquest into her death .
voters in the us house of representatives are choosing to choose a new running mate in the next election .
a man has been arrested after a gun was fired at a beach in southern county down , witnesses say .
an outbreak of the deadly respiratory blast in burkina faso has killed at least 12 people , including one brother and brother .
nottinghamshire batsman james taylor has signed a new three-year contract with the county championship division one side . worked for a place .
welsh secretary stephen bennett has been appointed as the new chief executive of avon and somerset centre borough council .
the parents of a woman killed in a suspected murder case are calling for a meeting with the italian government .
a blackout in bangladesh 's capital , dhaka , has been hit by a cyclone , the national grid operator has said .
police scotland is to continue extra policing powers in the wake of the proposed closure of railway policing in scotland .
an investigation has been launched after a man died following an incident at a sea base in the channel islands .
yum brands , kfc , has reported a big jump in sales for the first three months of the year .
a human rights lawyer has been sacked over the murders of two men in mexico last year , the human rights lawyer has said .
trams have been unveiled at a metrolink station in greater manchester as part of a # 60m regeneration project .
grimsby town have signed defender phil straker on a one-year deal following his release by league one rivals grimsby town .
a luxury gold lavatory has been removed from a museum in the us city of cattelan in a bid to save money .
northern ireland 's tourism minister has said it is `` mature enough '' to help northern ireland 's tourism industry .
a mexican criminal has been arrested in connection with a bust in the us city of chandler , the us military says .
the uk 's credit rating will be `` relatively small '' , according to a report from the ratings agency .
chelsea have completed the signing of [unk] striker isaac begovic from premier league rivals braga for an undisclosed fee .
it sounds like a simple equation - but it is the biggest ever video game in america 's history .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , but shares in dixons smith have fallen sharply after the company reported falling sales .
the number of victims of sexual exploitation in england and wales has risen sharply , according to a new report .
the indonesian city of jakarta has marked the anniversary of the terror attack on the indonesian island of jakarta .
a pony has been found dumped in a pony in a pony , county antrim , after a pony was found .
northern ireland 's health minister has said he wants the nhs to move with the nhs in england and wales .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group is holding air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq and syria .
`` i 'm afraid '' to have you heard of a child , you might think if you might want to know about the condition .
actor and broadcaster dan blessed has said he is `` licking the baby 's face '' after she was having a baby under a tree .
the story of the world war two bombing in iraq was a `` terrorist revolution '' , but it was n't exactly what it was like .
a police officer has been charged with the murder of a man who was found dead in a flat in northampton .
the education system in wales has been officially opened to the public for the first time in a decade .
astronomers have captured jupiter 's view jupiter 's north pole , but it 's not seen the flyby of jupiter 's north pole .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder after a woman was hit by a car in lithuania .
nico rosberg headed mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in final practice at the spanish grand prix as mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .
ukip leader nigel mallon has said he is `` going to do a job '' as leader of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
former oscar and writer brian rourke is to star in the bbc adaptation of les liaisons dangereuses in london 's hyde park .
a woman who conspired to kill a woman has been arrested in connection with the death of her partner .
venezuela 's president nicolás maduro has called for president nicolás maduro to be `` supervisor vallenilla '' after his death .
keaton mckay claimed his first two one-day international one-day cup hat-tricks with a [unk] win over australia in the first test in perth .
plans for a # 6m revamp of a shopping store in the scottish borders have been unveiled by councillors .
the bank of england has warned that the bank of england is `` deeply concerning '' by changes to its business current account .
a parking company has been ordered to remove parking photos from lincoln city lincoln car park , the bbc has learned .
kieffer marriott scored his first goal of the game as rotherham united came from behind to beat rotherham and move into the league one play-off places .
the death of a woman whose body was found at a house in hertfordshire could have been killed without visual injuries , a court has heard .
a man has been charged with the murder of a woman whose body was found in exeter city centre .
karen gillan has been named as the new host of the scottish professional version of the galaxy . said .
in the wake of donald trump 's election campaign in the united states , there is no doubt why he is going to become the next president of the united states .
google 's new headquarters has been chosen by the european union 's new headquarters for the first time in the uk .
german chancellor john van rompuy has said the uk 's decision to leave the eu will be `` october/november '' if the uk voted to leave the eu .
manchester city manager jurgen klopp has been impressing in the premier league - and there is no doubt why he will be his old trafford side in the premier league .
forest green rovers earned their first win of the season in the national league with victory over forest green rovers .
fidel castro , fidel castro , has died at the age of 88 , his family has announced his resignation .
the father of a woman who has been held hostage in iran has said she is `` grateful to see the kindness of people across the country '' .
former england and england footballer adam wadsworth has been cleared of indecently assaulting boys in the 1970s and 1980s .
cardiff blues captain james roberts says he is looking forward to his side after his first test against australia .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in a knife attack on a zoo in north-west london .
a man and woman have been arrested in connection with the seizure of cannabis plants worth up to # [unk] .
the knot at nevis range in the highlands has become the first place in the uk to get married .
poultry litter in northern ireland could generate electricity for the first time in more than six years , the government has said .
stoke city midfielder steve sidwell has signed a new three-year contract with the premier league club , keeping him at the club until 2018 .
a building in londonderry has been closed after a fire broke out at a hotel in the town on monday morning .
turkey 's media and media have been charged with plotting terrorist attacks in the capital , turkey 's capital , turkey .
crude oil prices have fallen sharply on wednesday , with oil prices rising in the first three months of the year .
italian police say they have arrested four people in connection with a baby gang used by a baby gang .
the family of a man who died in a suspected suicide attempt have paid tribute to his `` overwhelming desire '' .
the use of a seal of burning a seal of a seal of slavery has been launched by harvard university in the us .
yorkshire 's independence referendum seems to have dominated the country 's independence referendum , but it was n't exactly what it would be like .
henry tudor 's dragon first appeared to be a new prop for the welsh dragon first and a new prop .
ferrari 's sebastian massa suffered a heart scare in the second practice session at the world grand prix in lewis .
thousands of people have attended a rally in londonderry city in protest over the killing of a national guard .
a council has apologised to customers who complained about a miniature jerseys of knitted jerseys on the streets of cambridge .
the parents of anni dewani have said they are `` no charm '' in the case of anni dewani .
the us navy has freed a container ship from a ship off the coast of canada , the pentagon has said .
the planned high-speed rail route between coventry and leamington lines has begun to mark the start of the hs2 rail line .
scientists in the uk have taken part in a science conference in the uk to investigate how the death of a woman at a university in aberdeen .
monaco 's first child twins have been born in the capital , monaco , a spokesman for the first time .
lionel gradel scored two goals as algeria thrashed ivory coast in their opening match of the african champions league .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- has arrived at the international space station -lrb- [unk] -rrb- in orbit , the international space agency -lrb- mogensen -rrb- says .
scotland is `` a better target '' for young people in the world , according to a senior minister .
in the summer of the transfer window , the football association 's chairman and chief executive of the transfer window has been a success for the club .
`` i 'm a fan game , i 'm writing a lot of things , '' says star citizen 's creator brian roberts .
tennant and saint tennant actor matt tennant is returning to doctor who will perform a 3d show later this year .
russian president donald trump has said the white house was `` lordy '' and `` lordy '' by the white house .
brewdog , the world 's largest brewery , has launched its first crowdfunding round of its funding plans for the first time .
hundreds of homes have been put up for sale speeds in a bid to build a new generation of homes in oxfordshire .
derby manager paul pearson says he does not improve the head injury he suffered in the premier league defeat at brighton .
two scottish banknotes have been found guilty of attempting to steal a cash machine from a golf course in scotland .
a newport county council has been ordered to pay more than # 20,000 after a local authority admitted 12 food hygiene offences .
the leaders of the scottish parliament have said they are `` no treaty '' for the uk remaining in the eu .
the company behind plans for a new [unk] store in glasgow has launched its new plans for the next two years .
the number of students who achieved certain grades in their a-levels has been announced by the university of ucas .
in the wake of the killing of afghan us mullah mullah mansour may have been an extraordinarily part of the taliban in the pakistani city of disentangling .
the number of vauxhall corsa in the uk has fallen to its lowest level for three years , according to official figures .
norwich city manager frank naismith is looking forward to the club 's relegation from the premier league after being relegated from the league two club .
mariners came from behind to beat grimsby town in the first round of the league two table , sending them top of the national league .
the families of a milton keynes prison have been told they will not pursue a legal challenge against a judicial review .
carlos wallace scored his first goal of the season as sheffield wednesday came from behind to beat huddersfield town in the championship .
welsh walker head coach danny davies believes it is `` absolutely fantastic '' to compete at the 2016 olympics in rio .
a list of winners has been shortlisted for a new award for swansea university 's new # [unk] prize .
the former governor of mexico 's former governor , yunes linares , has been charged with corruption , the ministry of defence has said .
the government is to remove the immunity of three men who died in the republic of ireland last year , the defence committee has said .
a petition calling for victims of revenge porn has been unveiled by the government . force of the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
shrewsbury town have signed scunthorpe united defender phil ogogo for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal . end his season .
a woman who died after being struck by a serious head injury has been given a suspended prison sentence .
the football association of wales -lrb- fas -rrb- has said it is `` absolutely right '' to allow players to wear poppies with poppies .
bristol rovers have signed [unk] [unk] forward o'meara o'meara on a two-year contract . ' [unk] , with a view to a further 12 months .
a vaccine against flu has been found in the bottom of the uk during the first time in the uk .
a man has been jailed for four years for a break-in in a break-in at a flat in glasgow .
the white house has been a problem for people in the area of the village of leyburn in county down .
ali ali is one of the most influential fighters in the history of the world 's most influential players .
former prime minister tony jugnauth has resigned as leader of the governing coalition in the country 's politics , in a speech calling for a change in the country 's politics .
a man has been arrested after a avalanche on a glacier in indian-administered kashmir , the army has said .
it is the day that a marathon takes place for the first time at the time of the year .
a murder investigation has been launched following the discovery of a woman 's body in monmouthshire , police have said .
it 's the cavern club where the cavern club began its opening day of the cavern season on march .
the chief constable of northern ireland has said he is `` properly resourced '' to rewrite the policing of policing in northern ireland .
it 's the worst nightmare since the uk began its journey to the uk and the uk on tuesday .
the parents of a woman hostage in suffolk say they have been overwhelmed by the pirate radio , after the death of her son .
prison minister david mann has said he will not be allowed to get privileged access to the houses of parliament .
firefighters have tackled a blaze at a house in muir of ord , scotland 's environment agency has said .
former snp leader alex salmond has said she is `` one of the right currency '' for scotland 's border with the eu .
manager martin morrison says he is `` far too open '' and `` need to get back into it '' after his side 's poor start to the season .
the impeachment of president donald trump 's administration has sparked outrage in the wake of the us senate 's intelligence service -lrb- impeachment -rrb- .
sutton united and gateshead played out a goalless draw at the national league meeting of the national league club .
the european union has said it is `` impossible '' to reject a ceta trade deal with the european union .
the family of a man who died after a car crash in leicestershire say they are `` looking forward '' to have their licence removed .
worcestershire seamer james van der gugten hit a career-best 255 as worcestershire chased 401 to beat worcestershire in the one-day cup .
the tuc has voted in favour of strike action by the tuc over cuts to the tuc 's tuc .
a new species of reptile reptile has been discovered by scientists at the university of catalonia , scientists say .
police investigating the suspected murder of a woman in aberdeen have been released from the area 's property . 20:55 .
the holocaust is the most important part of the world 's most famous slum in the world 's most turbulent history .
glamorgan chief executive hugh rudolph says his side have a `` good blend '' for the county championship and they are `` ready to stand up '' .
the family of a woman who died in a suspected abortion in county down say she is `` no voluntary termination of the pregnancy '' .
the isle of wight festival has been cancelled at the isle of wight festival , the organisers have said .
the body of a danish journalist kim wall has been removed from a columbia hospital after a torso was found .
france 's housing minister , ayrault ayrault , has been elected as the new president of the national greens .
us president barack obama has said he will apply for sanctions against chinese president xi jinping and chinese president xi jinping .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi cael ei gyhuddo o [unk] lonely [unk] i gymru o [unk] i gymru , yn ôl gogledd cymru .
glamorgan and glamorgan batsman jacques van der gugten have both been included in a shopping list for the first half of the season .
france 's presidential candidate francois fillon has said his party is `` more radical than more difficult '' after the presidential election .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in snowdonia on saturday night in snowdonia .
england 's remarkable victory in the world twenty20 series suffered a setback as they were beaten by pakistan in the first match of the first test against pakistan .
fire services in west sussex have been told they will not be allowed to visit the county antrim area fire service .
chelsea ladies thrashed yeovil town ladies in the women 's fa cup for the first time in the women 's fa cup .
tranmere rovers have signed defender joel dugdale on a two-year contract following his release by millwall . , with the league one club oldham .
the bishop of stockport has been appointed the new bishop of the church of stockport , which has been named as the new bishop of the bishop .
two-time olympic champion ben graddon has retired from swimming with a [unk] dream , the 10m platform diver . show .
a man and a woman have been arrested after an explosive device was found at a house in wrexham .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and reuters in the hunt for the first time in the history of the aurora borealis .
mae ' r eglwys yng nghymru yn dweud eu bod yn cael ei [unk] o [unk] wedi cael ei [unk] yn yr eglwys yng nghymru .
australia 's environment minister , persoonia pauciflora , has been found dead in a mine in sydney , australia .
film director ken jones has won the sian phillips film prize for her portrayal of the welsh choir final .
the women 's player of the year awards has been announced as the new host of the year for the 2017 women 's year .
england 's chief executive of the football association has said he is `` not not the best person to pick up the pieces of discord '' .
a suicide bomber has killed at least nine people and wounded more than 100 soldiers in a insider attack in eastern afghanistan , officials say .
the world 's most famous baby is a baby , according to a study from the university of oxford .
voters in london will go to the polls on 8 june in a row over the next two constituencies in 2016 .
the world 's first solar mission is to be made in the uk for the first time in more than 20 years .
free childcare is a `` free risk '' of 30 hours of free childcare , the conservative party has said .
britain 's [unk] [unk] won olympic gold in the women 's doubles final with a [unk] win over france 's [unk] [unk] in china .
the 2016 paralympics in rio de janeiro will be a big place in the country 's sporting history , writes the bbc 's paralympic team .
asian shares have fallen sharply on monday as investors reacted to a rally in the capital , south korean markets .
a man has been jailed for four years for killing a man who was hit by a car in glasgow .
a court in nigeria has ordered the immediate prison sentence for a muslim man who has been sentenced to four years in prison in nigeria .
league one side oldham athletic have signed swansea city defender [unk] macdonald on loan until the end of the season .
bournemouth manager eddie howe says he is `` absolutely committed to be distracted '' by the sacking of manager sam allardyce .
the scottish government has been accused of `` ripping the guts '' out of community energy projects in england and wales .
in the wake of the scottish brexit vote , david cameron told the bbc he would expect to see the uk 's prime minister .
formula 1 is a big formula 1 sport in formula 1 calendar , but it seems that it was n't really enough .
a 13-year-old boy has been rescued from a beach in sussex where she was left screaming by a barbecue .
a project to create a new modernist reconstruction has been unveiled at the heritage of scotland 's largest housing projects .
a man has been attacked and sexually abused by a group of men in londonderry . was part of the metropolitan police in dublin .
home secretary theresa may has said he is `` alarmed '' about her plans to ban the edl from the edl in the uk .
george gidman made his maiden first-class century as worcestershire took control of the first day of the county championship match against kent .
a man has died following a crash on the [unk] in [unk] , county antrim , after a crash .
phil collins has said he is `` 64 '' and `` 64 '' to phil collins as the new centre for a new centre in texas .
prime minister david johnson is to call for universities to set out much clearer contracts for students in the uk .
a security expert has called for a ban on the use of safe practice in wales for the first time .
a turkish military officer has been shot dead in the turkish city of cizre , the un high court has said .
a medical doctor who posed as a doctor in the us state of florida has been arrested in the us .
he 's thought to be the first england captain in charge of the england football team , but he might have struggled to make a good start .
a new pension scheme to restore bernard matthews 's chicken and chicken has been given guarantees by the unite union .
`` beauty and disability '' has been a success for people with disabilities in the world , and it 's a tale of people with disabilities .
a review of the planned closures of the aberdeen control room room room room in stirlingshire has been called off .
mae llywodraeth y blaid lafur wedi cadarnhau eu bod yn pleidleisio o ' r wlad yn cael ei chynnal .
a [unk] snake has been discovered in a florida village in florida , california , according to local reports .
unemployment in the uk rose by 0.5 % in the final quarter of 2018 , according to the ey item club .
forest green rovers have signed striker andre macheda from cardiff city for an undisclosed fee on a three-year contract .
the company behind northern ireland 's biggest construction firm caterpillar has been cancelled due to falling thousands of jobs in northern ireland .
plans to build green belt fields into a barnett wood have been branded `` relieved '' by the council .
cardiff city manager mixu morrison says his side must improve their chances of avoiding relegation from the premier league season .
the dosage of eating disorders in the uk is a weight loss , according to new figures from the office for fiscal studies .
joe clarke made his debut debut as they beat derbyshire in the first game of the first test against derbyshire .
hong kong 's [unk] [unk] is one of the world 's most popular and most influential players , but it is not a good idea .
somerset head coach vern rogers says his team must improve their chances of winning the top six of the county championship .
a man has appeared in court charged with stealing # [unk] from a former football club chairman . also died .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested after a 16-year-old girl was stabbed to death in a supermarket car park in sussex .
justin gregory and gregory gregory have become the first briton to win the open for the first time in more than four years .
transgender young people are more likely to have a hate crime , according to a new survey of transgender people .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in easyjet fell as much as 7 % following the release of the company 's owner ocado .
the uk 's departure from the eu means it is a `` north versus south '' vote in the eu referendum result .
a gas installation firm has been ordered to pay more than # 250 after a gas installation was found at a property site .
the house of the house of representatives of the duchess of cambridge is to be restored to the public , the national trust has said .
a man has died after falling from a car crash in andreas racing in the republic of ireland , it has emerged .
a man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years after admitting a string of attacks on her ex-partner 's ex-partner .
scientists have developed a unique way to develop a unique way to develop a electricity track in the west of england .
a woman has been arrested after a razor attack at a prison in county antrim , police have said .
preston north end came from behind to beat preston north end and move three points clear at the top of the championship .
the us economy is `` nearing a coin toss '' , us secretary of state rex yellen has said .
striker lord bendtner has been banned from the german premier league after failing to remove his underwear at a volkswagen fan .
dinamo zagreb goalkeeper patrick ekeng has been ruled out of the world cup final after failing to reach the final of the world cup final .
the duchess of cambridge has paid tribute to the duke and duchess of cambridge , george charlotte , who has died at the age of 88 .
a man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in a teesside prison .
a virtual reality film about autism has been launched in a new film about the uk 's national autistic society .
a `` zombie horror film '' has been found in a field in the garden of merseyside , a conservation charity has said .
japanese electronics giant toshiba has said it will pay $ 1.1 bn -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- to settle its debts as part of a restructuring .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the world 's most unusual stories .
a millionaire accused of murdering his wife has told a murder trial she had been `` unlawfully '' killed .
virat kohli 's first century of the season was enough to give india victory over pakistan in their opening match of the world cup .
thousands of people have attended a celebration marking the 75th anniversary of armed forces day commemorations in north east lincolnshire .
scientists have discovered the remains of the remains of the remains of a new site in san diego in america .
britain 's mark cavendish won gold in the tour de france as britain 's andre greipel sprinted to victory in the tour de france .
turing artist dr alan turing has been given a pardon for his part in a pardon for his part in the d-day landings .
arsenal defender hector pato could miss the rest of the season with a groin injury , reports bbc radio manchester .
a suicide bomber has killed at least 14 people and wounded more than 20 in the iraqi capital , baghdad , local sources say .
arsenal have completed the signing of defender gabriel linden from frankfurt for the rest of the season from japanese club frankfurt .
british eventing singer emily gilruth has been diagnosed with serious injuries after suffering serious injuries in a fall in a fall in the lake district .
sheffield united manager justin johnson says he wants to take full responsibility of the football association 's decision to leave the club .
india 's prime minister has urged bangladesh to become part of the country to become part of the country .
the welsh liberal democrats are to vote on the final days of the general election in the region 's general election .
britain 's jessica tweddle won olympic gold in rio 2016 as she claimed her first gold medal at the rio olympics .
captain eoin hartley says the british and irish lions must be `` picked well '' for the british and irish lions in their 2018 world cup qualifier .
manchester city manager brendan rodgers says he is `` no permission '' to speak to raheem sterling as a `` honour '' .
olympic champion katherine richards-ross has been diagnosed with an abortion after testing positive for an abortion at the world championships in london .
the final round of the fa cup will be the biggest surprises of this season 's premier league season .
a number of people have been killed in a truce in yemen 's capital taiz , a spokesman has said .
the eu 's chief brexit negotiator has said the uk is happy with the uk to leave the european union .
wigan warriors half-back lewis tierney has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
a mother and her six-year-old girl have been rescued from a burning beach in the vale of glamorgan after suffering a cardiac arrest .
south africa 's mamelodi sundowns are through to the semi-finals of the african champions league with a 1-0 win over wydad casablanca of south africa .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from cliffs in the mourne mountains in the firth of forth .
electric taxi firm ltc is to create a new car factory in coventry , creating up to 1,000 jobs .
a new mayor has been elected in spain 's parliament to discuss how to tackle poverty in the city hall .
jeremy corbyn has been elected as the new leader of the university of england 's university college , with a speech calling for a change in student tuition fees .
a blind man who claims she was fitted with a # [unk] blackout has been rejected by the nhs .
police investigating the disappearance of a man in essex say they are looking for a man who may have made contact .
millwall moved up to fourth in league one as they beat coventry city to climb into the league two play-off places .
it 's a question : aamer aamer 's return to the uk from guantanamo bay , where he is back in the middle of guantanamo bay .
northern ireland 's exams system is to be made available by the end of the year , the bbc has learned .
wednesday 's spending review is to begin on wednesday , the government 's spending review of the government 's spending review .
australian immigration minister robert abbott has said he will not seek legal action against australian citizenship laws against the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
rory mcilroy 's bid for the irish open at portstewart has been cancelled due to a lack of support from sport ireland .
a woman has been invited to apologise for saying she was `` surprised '' to be a biscuit in a left-wing loon tree .
police investigating the murder of a man in durham have paid tribute to a `` real comfort and tilly '' .
bahrain 's president has ordered the government to lift restrictions on human rights reforms , the us has said .
south africa 's [unk] domingo has been named coach of south africa 's twenty20 squad for next month 's africa cup of nations .
lionel mourinho 's return to the top of the premier league was enough to give chelsea victory at stamford bridge .
aberdeen defender graeme shinnie has signed a new contract with the league two club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
england 's set-piece joe jones kicked off the bench to win the first test against scotland at twickenham on saturday .
paul bohn is one of the world 's most recognisable faces in the women 's world cup in germany .
northern ireland 's kris anglesey was knocked out of the isle of man tt races in the opening round of the malaysia grand prix .
the news letter from the irish parliament 's chief brexit negotiator , jim barnier , has been accused of feeding cats at a stormont estate .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of her wife in a trial of 27 years .
dundee united manager neil cummings earned his first win of the season as they beat dundee united in a thrilling premiership match .
a number of new distilleries have been opened in the past year , according to figures released by the british bankers ' association -lrb- uhy -rrb- .
in the final round of the grand finale at twickenham on friday , the rugby world cup will be broadcast live on bbc one .
britain 's olympic champion laura cave won gold in the men 's event at the track cycling world championships in london .
dundee united claimed their first scottish premiership win of the season as they beat dundee united in the first game of the season .
a man has been charged with assaulting a woman who was attacked outside a co-op store in bletchley park .
it 's a tale of us snacks in the world , but it 's a tale of the elements .
uganda 's prime minister has been found guilty of aggravated cyber attacks in uganda , the prime minister has said .
floyd mayweather said he would wave a `` gum shield '' when he fights the ufc lightweight title against ufc champion conor mcgregor .
a group of people in kenya 's capital , reading , have made a world record set to break the world record for the first time .
hoffenheim have confirmed the permanent boss of hoffenheim 's [unk] tedesco as their new head coach at the end of the season .
images of nick hedges have been released by a charity in memory of the victims of the housing and homelessness .
a man has died after falling from a sting while he was trying to bee , a coroner has ruled .
the university of manchester has announced plans to open a # 100m research facility in manchester . said it would be a `` major step forward '' .
a vigil has been held in egypt for the first time since the death of pope francis on saturday .
organised crime gangs are being targeted in a crackdown on organised crime gangs in scotland , police have said .
defending champion phil willett leads the tour championship for the first time since returning to the european tour for the first time in a row .
the queen 's 90th birthday will mark the 30th anniversary of the queen 's 90th birthday , the duke of edinburgh has said .
a florida sheriff has been jailed for life for plotting a deadly arson attack on a mosque in florida .
swansea city have appointed former chelsea boss brian joseph as their new head of football association -lrb- stalwart -rrb- .
the death of a gorilla has been shot by a zoo in cincinnati , dc , after a gorilla was killed by a gorilla .
at least three people have been arrested in connection with the death of a man in paris , police say .
a cat has died after being mauled by a charity in the republic of ireland , scotland yard has said .
football 's world governing body fifa has said it is `` ugly '' and `` ugly '' opposition of the world 's football governing body .
a memorial centre has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the battle of the world war ii fighter .
japan 's electric power agency -lrb- tepco -rrb- has apologised for causing the deaths of millions of millions of people in the pacific ocean .
a police force has apologised for a mock suicide bomb on a training exercise at the manchester international festival .
`` i 'm afraid to think about the wrong us , '' says singer del rey , who has died at the age of 88 .
nottingham forest secured promotion to the national league with a [unk] win over nottingham forest green rovers in the national league play-off round .
blackburn rovers came from behind to beat blackburn and move up to fourth in the championship table as they beat forest green rovers .
prince charles has said he is `` deeply appreciated '' by the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall .
north sea electricity is to be restored to the north sea in a bid to boost energy supplies , the energy secretary has said .
nhs england 's chief inspector has called for a `` simultaneous failure '' of a `` serious and shocking '' response to the collapse of the stafford hospital disaster .
a new king arthur has been described as a `` 1,400-year-old fort '' in the wake of the king arthur field .
prince 's has become one of the most memorable moments of the world 's super bowl series , but she has n't seen anything .
two men have been charged with murder after a man was attacked at a hotel in east sussex , a court has heard .
britain 's carlos del potro beat viktor del potro in the final round of the aegon championships in manchester .
turkey 's prime minister , francois gove , has said he is `` making concession '' to open visa-free travel to turkey .
it is a big day for the world sporting organisation . show in the world 's second public exams timetable .
a letter to the welsh government is calling for the hpv vaccination programme to be rolled out in wales .
manchester united manager louis higuain says he is `` no direct job '' of 94,376,000 euros -lrb- # [unk] m -rrb- .
sightings of a marvel comics have been discovered on a circus in the loch ness waters , a trust has said .
voting will begin on friday in march between the government and [unk] elections on thursday night for the first time .
the heritage of england is to host its first day of campaigning in the capital , london , to mark the history of the capital 's history .
a collection of diving helmets has been unveiled to mark the world 's largest collection of diving helmets , it has been revealed .
bank of england governor mark carney has said the rate rise was `` on brink '' as a result of a rise in oil prices .
sheffield united have signed striker billy darby on loan from league one rivals millwall until the end of the season .
canadian prime minister stephen harper 's refusal to appeal against the canadian government has been rejected by the canadian parliament .
steel firm liberty house has said it will submit a bid to buy tata 's liberty house and port talbot factory .
a former sri lankan politician has been sentenced to three years in prison for killing two women in sri lanka .
gloucester back-row forward mark atkinson has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
engineers have developed a new siri siri designed to help understand the impact of the electrification of the uk 's new siri virtual currency .
an indian man who was arrested in pakistan over alleged links to al-qaeda has been arrested by pakistan , a court has ruled .
a walsall couple have been told they must work acid in the face of a youtube channel after the death of a young married couple .
denmark 's cancer requires a radical overhaul of the number of cancer cases , according to a new report .
water pipes in the south of scotland are expected to be evacuated as part of a major road upgrade .
brighton & hove albion manager phil sidwell has signed a new three-year contract with the premier league club . said .
reddit has launched a warrant for the disappearance of a warrant canary and tumblr , which has been linked to toxic chemicals .
plans for a new [unk] golf course in dornoch have been unveiled by the scottish wildlife trust -lrb- sssis -rrb- .
the story of the australian book 's thesis has gone on display at the top of the australian box office in australia .
myanmar 's opposition leaders have signed a un-brokered deal to sign a peace deal with the country 's armed groups .
in the us , the uk voted to leave the eu to leave the european union , but it is not a good idea .
forest green rovers defender [unk] pidgeley has signed a new one-year contract with the league one club . made up the club 's next season .
energy companies are `` languishing '' in the past two years , according to the chairman of the trade regulator .
more than half of the world 's population are being lost from soils in the world , a study suggests .
cardiff city manager russell slade says he wants to leave the club after the club 's relegation from the premier league .
china has warned that china 's imports of fuel imports from iran has fallen to its lowest level for the year .
thousands of girls have been freed from a school in the north-eastern indian state of chibok after a military attack on tuesday , the bbc has learned .
britain 's laura evans retained her olympic gold medal with victory over lithuania in the second round of the world championships in lithuania .
a collection of medals worth up to # [unk] has been stolen from the home of a house in somerset .
wales coach rob clements says his team 's performance in the eurohockey championships would be a `` huge achievement '' .
scotland 's fishing industry has been called off in the wake of the brexit vote , the scottish government has said .
russian president vladimir putin has signed up to the world 's first direct air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
alcohol intake in england and wales have risen by more than 50 % in a year , according to alcohol and drugs .
aggreko has reported a drop in full-year profits for the first time in a row over the bidding process .
you might think you might have heard of the bbc micro computer , but how do you think you might want to know about the bbc micro computer ?
africa cup of nations in gabon was the biggest winners in the history of the confederation cup and the hosts in the quarter-finals of the african champions league .
a bonfire has been reopened after a fire broke out at a bonfire in the centre of dumfries and clackmannanshire .
derbyshire all-rounder tom taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the club for the 2017 super league season .
councils in england and wales are facing a combined shortfall of # 3.5 bn , the government has said .
the number of 20mph zones in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level in almost six years , according to a new report .
ulster unionist leader mike mcginn has said he is `` confused and bemused '' after the anthem of the mckenna cup final .
`` he 's an easy time i am i am i 'm writing a lot of ... my mind , '' says tate director james tate .
the conservatives have retained control of the green party in scotland and the green party in the wake of the london assembly election .
organisers of the north east have voted to have a `` huge success '' of the rugby world cup .
a man has told a court he broke his law into a house where he worked as a `` beautiful home '' .
the victims of the manchester arena bombing have been adjourned for the first time since the manchester arena attack .
former royal navy producer james johnson has died at the age of 96 , his family has announced . [unk] his first film .
a number of wards at a hospital in cumbria have been closed due to norovirus , the bbc has learned .
a woman has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of defrauding the english football club record of # [unk] .
the scottish parliament 's general election campaign has taken place in the centre of the house of lords on thursday night .
colombia 's farc rebels have raided the office of the republic of the republic states , the attorney general has said .
a man has been jailed for stealing textbooks worth more than # 21,000 from his wife and his wife , a court has heard .
a report from the welsh government has called for more women to apply for more women 's roles in public life .
the banks in the indian capital , delhi , have been shut down because of corruption and corruption , the bbc has learned .
a hospital trust has been told to improve the deficit while waiting for three years in a row over health and safety concerns .
five people have been charged in connection with the death of a man in myanmar , the bbc has learned .
jewellery worth thousands of pounds worth of jewellery was stolen from a jewellers in lincolnshire , police have said .
uhuru kenyatta has been ordered to stand trial over the next two weeks of violent violence in the capital , nairobi .
have you ever wondered what happens when you 're going to print your favourite designs for the 2016 olympics ?
the motorway bridge in ghana has reopened to the public , after a number of people were taken to hospital .
a man has died in hospital following a crash in a crash in lancashire . a [unk] and a van in cumbria .
pat finucane has said he is `` failing to be assessed '' for the murder of a man in the republic of ireland .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a shooting at a meat market in liverpool .
the sculpture of a 19th century musician has been unveiled in hull for the first time in a ceremony .
prime minister david cameron has accused the prime minister of `` inhumane and inhumane '' claims against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- `` untrue and inhumane '' .
bees planted in towns and cities across the uk have been recorded in a study in a new study , according to new research .
crewe have signed goalkeeper david lowe from league one side crewe alexandra on a two-year deal following his release by league two rivals bury .
a raccoon carrying a collective internet has been captured on a skyscraper in the us state of toronto , california .
the brother of a woman who is believed to have sex with a knife has been found safe and well .
a couple have been reunited with their uncle after they were found dead in a supermarket car park in county down .
bbc radio ulster has won the best radio magazine award award for its coverage of the three-day festival of the year .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder following the death of a man who was shot dead .
a priest has apologised for saying she was `` feeling terrible '' after she was sexually assaulted at a church in norfolk .
in the wake of donald trump 's presidency in the us city of kremlinology in the us city of vladimir putin , i 'm writing a 21st century method for the white house .
southport have appointed steve burr as their new manager on a 12-month rolling contract , with the option of a further 12 months .
sale sharks fly-half vadim cobilas has signed a new contract with the premiership club , keeping him at the club until june 2019 .
a new augmented reality experience is being launched in the isle of isle of lewis as part of the new augmented reality headset .
a video has been issued for the use of the use of the word ` psycho ' in a mental health act .
tesco has announced it will sell its shares in the uk 's second largest structure in the first three months of the year .
a man has been jailed for life after admitting raping a woman in a knife attack in her home .
archaeologists believe they have discovered a [unk] team of ice age tools worth more than 3,000 years earlier than previously thought .
worcestershire opener alex mitchell made his maiden first-class century as they beat derbyshire by nine wickets in the first innings in the one-day cup .
a man has been treated in hospital after a fire broke out at a house in cookstown , county antrim .
a woman has been shot in the leg by a stranger who was shot by a man in a knife attack .
the uk 's embassy in the iranian embassy in tehran has been cancelled due to a lack of equipment .
the first low-lying anniversary of the death of president barack obama has arrived in the united states as part of the country 's economic crisis .
the president of the us state of columbus , columbus day , has been elected as the new president of the united states .
northern ireland 's farming minister has been forced to sell beef in the republic of ireland for the first time .
british tv series johnston johnston has been named as the host of the bbc 's guest awards for the second year in a row .
the german chancellor has said that the state pension system should be cut by 2030 if the state pension system is in doubt .
jared payne will miss ireland 's six nations opener against cardiff blues after suffering a shoulder injury in saturday 's world cup qualifier .
rotherham united have signed defender phil 61-year-old from coventry city for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal . ' place .
the environment minister has said he is `` no contravention of the ministerial code '' that he is adopted by the dup leader .
police in north wales have said they are `` disappointed '' by the dyfed-powys police and crime commissioner -lrb- hmic -rrb- .
two men have been sentenced to prison for a total of eight years for a total of 16 suspected illegal guns .
burger kitchen has become the first celebrity burger restaurants to open a year in the uk , according to the company 's owners .
sony has become the first japanese electronics manufacturer to buy books to buy books , according to new research .
the british government has `` no immediate response '' after the publication of the inquests into the deaths of 98 people in northern ireland , the lord chief justice has said .
india 's supreme court has ruled that a nuclear power station was destroyed by a power station in india .
if you 're a fan of formula 1 , you might think it 's time to do if you 're going to go to the formula 1 season .
the body of a man who was murdered by the ira in northern ireland last week has been found .
preston north end have signed former aston villa striker jonathan robinson on a free transfer . start to the season .
young people who lived in extreme poverty are more likely to be placed on statutory supervision , a study suggests .
sky has launched its manifesto for the first time to allow people to pay for # 10 a year .
a man who died in a motorbike crash in northern ireland has died in hospital in the republic of ireland .
the finance minister has backed a motion calling for the finance secretary to rethink the council tax base planned .
the number of plastic bags issued by supermarkets in england and wales has risen by almost 50 % in the last year , according to a report .
aberdeen city council has been criticised for a `` dark hole '' in a bid to improve the city garden .
a man has been arrested in connection with alleged hacking of phone hacking , the metropolitan police has said .
the british library has opened in london to mark the anniversary of the magna carta , the bbc has learned .
world number one andy murray has confirmed he will compete at the aegon championships in london next month . end of the year .
the first republic of biafra , the first republic of biafra , has launched a new radio station in the region .
the smiler rollercoaster crash on the alton towers theme park has been treated as arson , emergency services have been told .
the queen 's granddaughter has told the bbc she believes the queen will not be able to do more to the queen .
[unk] connolly scored his 30th goal of the season as blackpool came from behind to beat blackpool and move into the league two play-off places .
forecasters have issued a yellow `` be aware '' warning of heavy rain across parts of the south east of england .
performance director scott scott will leave the 2016 olympics at the end of the 2016 games in london . step down .
london 's olympic taekwondo team will host the world para alpine taekwondo team in the final round of the world taekwondo championships in london .
the number of employment cases in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to citizens advice .
have you ever wondered what happens when you 're going up with a writer and director of the author ?
a charity has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the cost of the children charity 's baton race in the uk .
the british airways -lrb- ba -rrb- has said it is `` extremely disappointed '' by its members ' decision to strike action on poverty .
the mother of a woman who was given a # 120,000 vaccine for a vaccine against a private company has said she is `` 72 % disabled disabled '' .
olympic gold medallist beth vollmer has told the bbc she will not be able to compete at the rio olympics because of the zika virus .
league two club wycombe wanderers have signed teenage defender tom [unk] on a one-year contract , subject to international clearance .
callum blackman , one of britain 's most popular actresses , is to star in a new role at the edinburgh television festival .
a book of condolence has been sold at auction for the first time in a decade , after a series of terror attacks .
michele morgan 's legend michele morgan has been elected the new honorary president of the cannes film festival in marseille .
the football association of scotland has approved a deal to build a new centre for the league of the city 's fa cup .
microsoft has unveiled a new version of its flagship video game minecraft , which could rise by $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
chancellor george osborne has said he would cut the top rate of income tax by 5 % to # 50,000 .
in the wake of donald trump 's election campaign in the us presidential election campaign , there is no doubt that a number of people in the united states will go to the polls on 8 june .
australian open semi-finalist johanna konta will begin the defence of the australian open with a shoulder injury which begins on friday .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks set to become the next president of india .
manchester united manager jose mourinho has accused manchester united of making a `` top player '' in the premier league .
police have said they are `` risk averse and disproportionate '' at the start of the 2016 premier league match between chester and cheshire .
stoke city defender [unk] shawcross will miss the rest of the season after suffering a serious knee injury in tuesday 's fa cup tie .
the daughter of murdered toddler liam mccusker has said she is `` shocked and shocked '' by her death .
ireland 's hopes of qualifying for the women 's world rugby world championship were dealt a blow as they beat ireland by 10 runs .
a former prison officer has been suspended from the isle of wight for failing to save money from schizophrenia .
one of the world 's most famous pioneers , la gloria , has died at the age of 88 .
lloyds banking group has said it will extend its full-year profits for the first time in a row over the next three years .
the names of sir bradley wiggins will join bbc sports personality of the year at the end of the year .
new proposals have been made for the club 's owners to make up their own minds in the wake of the club 's pst .
a record-breaking shark has been used to help mako sharks and the duchess of cambridge , who has died in a shark crash .
the cameroonian army has said it is `` willingly '' that cameroonian army nationals were forced to flee their homes in the northern cameroon suburb of cameroon .
south africa 's sports minister [unk] @bbcandrewh has died at the age of 47 . masipa for the rest of the year .
thousands of people have attended a rally in zimbabwe 's capital , zimbabwe , as part of the country 's civil war .
a police officer has been cleared of breaking the law by a police officer who found a toy toy on a police station .
if you 're a fan of formula 1 , you 're a fan of formula 1 , you 're a fan of formula 1 .
the invitation of iran 's nuclear programme is a key moment for the country 's nuclear programme , but the invitation to iran has been a success for the first time .
australia 's economic growth slowed sharply in the first three months of the year , official figures have shown .
a permit has been launched to allow fracking projects to carry out fracking in wales , the welsh lib dem msp has said .
a fire broke out in a block of flats in edinburgh , prompting a report from the scottish ambulance service -lrb- 12:15 -rrb- .
parole disputes , reeva steenkamp , have been found guilty of culpable homicide , the justice minister has told the bbc .
syrian president bashar al-assad -lrb- colvin -rrb- has said she is `` shocked and deeply saddened '' by the death of her baby daughter .
a rare olive ridley has been found at a zoo in south asia , it has been revealed as a tourist attraction .
china has accused china 's environment minister zhou shengxian of pay for china 's economic and social development to pay for environmental protection .
the tax chiefs ' advice committee has called for a change in the law to avoid tax avoidance , a committee of mps has said .
south africa 's kyle henry has been ruled out of the rest of the 2016 season with a shoulder injury .
the northern ireland executive 's invest ni -lrb- pfi -rrb- debt has been criticised by a senior labour mp .
the nhs in wales is failing to protect new drugs , a report from the nhs in wales has said .
a charity has been criticised for a charity leader after a charity called `` blurred people through the reputation '' .
great britain 's athletes have been given the chance to win the olympic games in rio de janeiro , which will be one of the biggest winners in the sport 's history .
malawi became the first africa cup of the african nations championship -lrb- chan -rrb- to boost their chances of qualifying for the 2018 world cup .
at least three people have been killed and another injured in a series of stormy weather in sydney , australia .
wales fly-half matthew morgan will make his debut against wales in saturday 's world cup warm-up match in cardiff on saturday .
the remains of a [unk] girl from siberia have been found in siberia in the us city of beringia , scientists say .
tanzania 's health minister has ordered the health ministry to impose a ban on homosexuality in tanzania and other countries .
the world 's biggest oil producer , bob dudley , has told the bbc he is in talks to reset its financial framework for a `` sustained '' lower oil price .
nottinghamshire 's batsmen struggled in the first day of the first half of the t20 blast as they beat durham by three wickets in the t20 blast .
ukraine has warned that russia will build a vast gas network for the first time in a row for the first time .
video replays will be used as part of the world cup qualifier in las vegas on saturday , 2 march .
sri lanka beat sri lanka by seven wickets in the one-day series against sri lanka in bangalore on friday night .
a woman who was abducted from her home in california has been found not guilty of murder and attempted murder .
it 's hard to know what happened when it comes to a sanctuary in the middle east , it has been a busy year for people in the country 's politics .
the first sculpture of the duke of wales and duchess of cornwall has been unveiled in a new service .
british number one johanna bedene reached the second round of the [unk] trophy with a straight-set victory over [unk] [unk] in the french open first round .
hong kong officials are trying to establish a new rail link between hong kong and china , as part of a major overhaul of immigration .
qatar beat qatar [unk] to secure their first africa cup of nations title in 16 years by beating qatar .
senegal will face germany in saturday 's africa cup of nations qualifier in senegal on saturday , 2 march .
new prime minister tony cairns has said he would never get away with the critics behind the eu referendum result .
the first female female officer has been appointed as the academy of the academy of the academy of somerset .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets were mixed on friday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected jobs figures in july .
a # 1m training site has been severely damaged by flooding in leeds , the company has said . is the best part of the super league season .
russian paralympic athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics because of doping , the sport 's governing body has said .
it 's time to be the new transport manager for the game of london , but it 's not enough to be the new transport manager .
defending champion chris djokovic has been knocked out of the olympic games in rio because of a wrist injury .
hartlepool united have signed bury striker marcus [unk] on loan until the end of the season to the end of the season .
rangers manager pedro caixinha praised his side for the rest of the season after they beat hearts to go top of the championship .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry on a building site in ardrossan .
ryan simpson 's first-half strike earned exeter city a 2-1 win over crewe and sent exeter city into the league two play-off places .
british number one andy murray says he will not be able to return to the ring to become the world 's top sports personality of the year .
the family of a woman who murdered a woman in caerphilly county have been struck off by the supreme court .
pope benedict xvi has taken part in a meeting in rome on monday , as part of a major reform of the roman catholic church .
the first implant around the lives of hip and hip replacement surgery has been dropped , a study suggests .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a 16-year-old girl died in a stabbing in somerset .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is `` to talk about the north with a powerhouse '' in the northern powerhouse course .
zlatan ibrahimovic and cristiano ronaldo become the first world cup winner in the world cup , says manager jose ibrahimovic .
nico button 's retirement from mercedes team-mate nico button earned victory over mercedes team-mate nico alonso to win the grand prix .
it was billed as the first destination for derby airways , but it was a runway at the centre of the belgian airport .
one of the world 's most iconic singer , the beatles ' chuck berry , has died at the age of 95 .
the duke and duchess of cambridge will visit australia later this month in the first day of this year 's tour of australia .
in the wake of the greek debt crisis , there is no doubt that the greek debt crisis continues to rise in the wake of the greek debt crisis .
sussex head coach paul davis has signed a new 12-month rolling contract with the county until the end of the 2019 season .
comedian simon gascoigne has been suspended from the high court in the wake of the publication of his phone hacking .
wales women secured promotion to the eurohockey championships as they beat belarus 1-0 in the eurohockey championships in glasgow .
swansea city manager paul clement praised leon britton after his side reached the last eight of the premier league .
harper lee 's writing from the segregated south of the segregated south of the segregated south of the segregated south of the segregated south of the segregated south of harper lee .
a man accused of murdering a sherlock journalist told a court she was `` yes '' about the knife found at him .
the uk government 's flagship law firm has said it is `` disproportionally '' that icos of the world 's biggest virtual software worth $ 1bn -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- has been justified .
chris mcguinness has become the first rider to win the tt races in the isle of man tt races .
cancer patients in england are being paid to help tackle interest rates , a doctors ' chief inspector has said .
the nhs in wales is the best in wales , according to new figures from the nhs in wales .
the snp 's presiding officer has been appointed as the new leader of the scottish borders council , after a by-election .
white blood cells in the uk are being offered antiretroviral therapy to help tackle hiv treatment , the bbc has learned .
a large fire has broken out at a factory in south yorkshire , after a fire broke out at a recycling site .
it is a great year for great britain 's commonwealth games medals on track for the world 's first and paralympic games .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to kill a police officer in the republic of ireland .
the removal of a female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- practice in cardiff has been rated `` inadequate '' by the world health organization .
dixons carphone has said it will exit the eu in the wake of the eu referendum result in the wake of the brexit vote .
the crater surrounding the surface of the planet slosh back on the surface of mexico , scientists have found .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets were mixed on friday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected earnings in the first quarter of the year .
great winner mark mark mark scored for the first time since the start of the world cup in the final round of the world cup .
tottenham manager mauricio pochettino said his side must improve their mentality after they beat monaco in the champions league quarter-finals .
nancy dating website dating back website match.com has been swept away by a man who lost her home in turkey .
a plan to see staff at herbert thompson primary school in cardiff has been approved by the welsh government .
a full internal investigation has been launched after a fire broke out in the wake of a blaze in the uk .
a man has been jailed for six years for his part in a row over health and safety failures in inverness .
scottish athletics has been `` devastated and shocked '' by the scottish athletics federation -lrb- jogscotland -rrb- , the scottish government has said .
russia 's agriculture minister has called for a ban on domestic production in financial markets in the first three months of the year .
a conservative mp has called for a ban on the burka in the wake of the `` trojan horse '' affair .
the number of people diagnosed with addiction to asbestos in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level .
new zealand head coach danny mcbryde says the british and irish lions can be `` measured '' in saturday 's tour to the principality stadium .
warner bros actor jim jones has told the bbc he has no regrets about filling your head with filth .
donegal have missed out on a place in division one of the ulster sfc after beating longford town [unk] in the first round of the ulster championship .
mexico 's parliament has passed its first day of campaigning in the capital , guerrero state , in the wake of the drug scandal .
a man has been arrested following the death of a teenager who was hit by a car in glasgow .
the number of people with a high school in the uk has fallen to its lowest level for 10 years , a survey suggests .
a man has been charged with terror offences in connection with the death of a man in cornwall , police have said .
the lawyer of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group suspected of attacking a prison in oslo , oslo , has accused the norwegian authorities of `` worse detention facilities '' .
a cyber-attack has been found at carphone warehouse 's carphone warehouse , the information commissioner 's office has said .
a former manager has been accused of murdering a woman whose body was found at a store in greater manchester .
the royal mint has unveiled a # 5 coin to mark the first birthday of the queen 's 90th birthday .
more than # 10 has been made available to help people who search for a new york museum of the lorenz cipher museum .
london council has been accused of breaking the runway at heathrow airport in a bid to build a third runway at council tax .
sheffield united have signed striker marc ghoochannejhad from league one rivals charlton athletic for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # [unk] .
a man has been jailed for the murder of a man who was found stabbed to death at a house in essex .
a plaque has been unveiled to celebrate the life of ann maguire , who has been found stabbed to death in leeds .
manchester united 's zlatan ibrahimovic could become the first premier league club to win the champions league , says former manchester united boss louis wilson .
four people have been arrested in connection with the death of a man at a museum in brussels on monday .
labour 's general election manifesto has taken place in the party 's manifesto for the party 's general election manifesto .
rangers have been relegated from the premier league after beating livingston in the first round of the scottish cup .
fernando nasri scored his first goal of the season to give chelsea victory in the premier league with victory over burnley .
a man has been charged in connection with a terrorist attack in paris , the federal prosecutor has said .
chelsea goalkeeper victor moses has been ruled out of the rest of the season with immediate effect after his contract was terminated by the club .
us president robert schmidt has called for a `` commercial observation drone '' that could lead to fight war to every single human rights .
a man has been seriously injured in a three-vehicle crash in the angus valley , moray police has said .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets rose on monday as investors bet on tuesday 's us presidential election results .
favourite [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] [unk] to win the oaks at the oaks at the victoria derbyshire oaks .
ireland began their intercontinental cup campaign with a [unk] win over a netherlands in the intercontinental cup match in dublin .
a cash machine has been used to steal a cash machine from a block of flats in north lanarkshire .
british number one andy murray and bruno soares were beaten in the year-end conditions at the atp world tour finals .
world number one serena williams reached the second round of the rogers cup with a straight-set win over fellow briton [unk] coric .
a man has died in hospital following a crash in a car crash in the isle of man , police have said .
jeremy corbyn is `` desperate '' to vote in the general election , the labour party leader has said .
a palestinian man has been attacked and killed by a group of palestinian protesters in the occupied west african city of jerusalem .
bastia striker monkey balotelli has been condemned by the bastia football club bastia say they have been found guilty of gross misconduct .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the pound .
a man has been jailed for three years for the murder of a woman in a knife attack in south belfast .
a convoy of lorries has crashed into a border centre in ukraine , killing at least one person and injuring several others .
the family of a woman who died in a dog attack have paid tribute to a `` dreadful '' appeal .
a woman has been sentenced to seven years in prison for threatening to shoot a woman in a `` vile witch-hunt '' .
facebook has filed for $ [unk] bn -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in its share sale for $ [unk] bn -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- in its business .
the resistance of human waste has been pinpointed by scientists in the world 's most specialised human waste system .
pope francis has told the bbc that he intends to leave peace talks with palestinian presidents in the wake of the paris attacks .
lancashire 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is `` no doubt '' cuts to budget cuts .
republic of ireland 's all-time leading scorer jeff walters has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury .
the premiership 's top 14 clubs in england have called for a change in the premiership club 's salary cap .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in a knife attack in midlothian .
south africa 's anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has been suspended from the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
up to 200 jobs are under threat at a factory in eastern county antrim , the unite union has said .
thousands of people have taken part in a challenge to remember those who died in the sea off the coast of pembrokeshire .
arthur 's adventurous spirit came out , but he 's going to work with a new mum 's christmas book .
a senior police officer has been accused of sexually abusing boys in the 1970s and 1980s , the bbc has learned .
the national highway between the us and california -lrb- nhtsa -rrb- has proposed changes to the use of manual texting .
three people have been arrested after a gang rape in india 's capital , delhi , in a case of rape and sexual assault .
at least 13 people have been killed in clashes between iraqi protesters and protesters in the iraqi city of baghdad .
great britain 's [unk] [unk] won i ' r cymro in the first round of the [unk] [unk] rygbi thomond rygbi cymru .
microsoft is to launch a project to build a subsea cable across the pacific ocean , in a bid to build a subsea cable across the atlantic .
brendon henriques became the first sixers to reach the final of the world sixers championship with a [unk] win over henriques henriques .
mainland chinese shares pulled the last day of the week on friday as exports fell in march last year .
a man has been seriously injured after she was hit by a bus in rhondda cynon taff , police have said .
star wars actor steven spielberg is to star in a film about the star wars films , steven ford has said .
newcastle united manager rafael benitez says his side are `` going to stay safe '' after their relegation from the premier league .
pakistan 's intelligence agencies ' -lrb- official -rrb- has been ordered to carry out a controlled explosion on a blind man , the ministry of defence has said .
blackpool football club fans have been asked to seek damages from the club 's owner henry street on suspicion of defamatory comments made on the site .
prime minister david harrington has said he is `` very happy to be greatly increased '' by the pace of 20,000 refugees in the uk .
middlesex boosted their championship play-off hopes with a [unk] win over kent in the first test in wellington . chopped up .
a man who threw milk at a store in london has been banned from the milk by a court .
the us military says it is investigating 88 prisoners who have been linked to bomb attacks in afghanistan , the us military says .
southend united 's relegation from the league one relegation zone with a hard-fought draw against southend united at carrow road .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in greater manchester .
league one side lincoln city have signed striker isaac davis from league one rivals charlton athletic for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been charged with theft after a series of break-in and stolen # 10,000 towards a cash machine .
two teenagers have been arrested following the death of a man who was stabbed at a house in londonderry .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in the a96 area of glasgow .
nice have signed former ghana striker lucas sneijder from bundesliga club nice for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # [unk] .
madagascar 's supreme court is to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the stability of the country 's stability .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman who died after being hit by a car .
hundreds of people have attended a demonstration in bristol to protest against violence and anti-social behaviour in the city .
the scottish parliament 's new repeal bill has been proposed by the prime minister theresa may 's plans for the uk to leave the eu .
swansea city 's premier league title hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by 10-man swansea .
england will host new zealand in the final of the women 's rugby world cup in old trafford on saturday .
the mayor of london 's transport union has said he will not be able to work at the end of the london underground dispute .
the syrian government has urged the syrian government to sign a plan to allow safe zones in rebel-held eastern territory , after talks with rebels .
playboy 's new director general , playboy , has said it is no longer portrayal of women in the next few weeks .
aberdeen 's offshore wind farm centre -lrb- eowdc -rrb- could be at risk , the scottish government has said .
a new footbridge has opened in dumfries and galloway 's new tram system crossing in the republic of ireland .
the bbc is examining allegations of historical child sex abuse in england and wales in the last 18 months .
from the surface of saturn 's flyby of saturn , the cassini probe has returned to the earth for the first time in more than two years .
`` i 'm afraid , '' says ashley reid , who has died at the age of 10 . emerged of the sport 's amputee football team .
a man has been found guilty of conspiracy to smuggle cannabis into his home in the centre of drugs .
scientists have discovered a new species of ancient species of plant places in the world 's most remote neighbourhoods .
swansea city 's premier league premier league match against manchester united has been terminated by the club 's manager .
england captain wayne catt has named six uncapped players in the world rugby squad for the first time in world rugby .
six welsh opencast mining sites have been sacked after a high court judge ruled it had been unlawful , a high court judge has ruled .
hibernian manager neil lennon praised his side 's `` brave '' performance in their premiership play-off quarter-final against rangers .
derby county have signed striker isaac davies from hull city for an undisclosed fee from premier league rivals hull city .
england 's confidence at the top of the world football football championships has been `` significantly '' in the past two weeks .
the oxford university museum is to step down next week by the museum of the museum for the first time .
the funeral of a brazilian footballer who died in rio de janeiro has been dropped , the irish olympic committee has said .
plans for a wind farm have been approved by a wind farm at a recycling firm in north lanarkshire .
valve has released its first time steam steam streaming service , the company behind the company 's website has said .
sheffield united have signed striker isaac allsop on a two-year deal following his release by league one rivals blackpool .
a food processing firm has been placed into administration after it said it was `` devastated '' by its owners .
chancellor george morgan has called for a change to funding cuts to the education budget in rotherham . also referred to school funding .
labour has accused the conservatives of `` horrific '' attacks in the wake of the london terror attacks , the bbc has learned .
a woman who escaped from the rio olympics says she is eligible to compete in the rio olympics after failing to compete at the rio olympics .
britain 's chris jaidee won the european tour for the first time since becoming the first briton to win the european tour de france title .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his wife who died after being hit by a car in paisley .
the first images of a `` tidal wave '' caused flash floods across parts of wales have been unveiled .
scientists have identified the genetic secrets of the modern humans outside africa , a study has found in the journal nature of siberia .
a multi-million pound contract is to be put up for sale in a bid for a new education centre in denbighshire .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks set to become the first president in the country 's history .
a snake has been rescued after it became wedged in the sea off the coast of bridgend county , rspca cymru has said .
fulham have signed germany defender papy petsos on loan until the end of the season until the end of the season .
a man has been arrested after a man was pictured with a gun outside a hotel in greater manchester .
greek prime minister malcolm papademos has been killed in a suspected suicide bomb attack on a greek island in berlin .
world champion jessica williamson has retired from nottingham hospital after suffering a spinal cord injury in her first match at the velodrome .
spanish champions paris st-germain have signed real madrid midfielder [unk] emery on a one-year contract . end . a place in 2018 .
greek finance minister yanis papaconstantinou has been found guilty of gross misconduct , the country 's interior minister has said .
nicky ajose scored twice as charlton athletic came from behind to beat charlton and move into the league two play-off places .
allergic reactions to children 's immune systems could eat more peanuts a day before the end of the year , a study suggests .
the welsh assembly 's presiding officer has urged the government to change the law to allow people living outside of wales standing outside the country .
sky 1 has confirmed it is to host the late late show the late late show the late late show .
the company behind the merger of two bus companies in bristol has been criticised by the national audit office -lrb- cma -rrb- .
england 's all-time leading goalscorer eddie root is the most complete three-format player in england 's world twenty20 history .
aogan horan has been elected as the new president of the all-ireland football world cup final in dublin on saturday .
the boss of nissan has said he is `` reasonably optimistic '' about the future of the olympic games in the uk .
the government has been accused of failing to publish plans for a legal challenge against the european commission over plans for a legal challenge against the eu .
sierra leone is bracing itself for the first time since the ebola outbreak in the capital , conakry , with a deadly disease .
`` mnek '' is the new album of tinie [unk] , tinie harnett , who has n't seen his best album .
london assembly members have voted in favour of strike action over pay and conditions in a dispute over pay .
a number of people have been rescued from flash floods across the western indian city of fukuoka , after torrential rain caused flash floods .
tiger woods says he is looking forward to returning to surgery at the dubai desert masters because of injury .
brighton captain chris crofts says he does not see brighton & hove albion on the verge of a new deal .
a couple have been told they were `` heartbreaking '' after a mother 's baby daughter died in hospital .
in the wake of the west bank 's corruption scandal , there is no doubt that the palestinian football association -lrb- is -rrb- will not be allowed to take the request from fifa president sepp blatter .
a man has been jailed for life for a string of sexual offences against a young child in llanelli .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in west midlands . was the victim of a road crash .
the story of star wars : `` lifelike hair '' has been sold at auction for # [unk] , the bbc has revealed .
tunisia midfielder [unk] sliti has signed a pre-contract agreement with french ligue 1 side lille on a free transfer .
traffic lights on a stretch of chester have been cancelled because of a lack of information , the mp has said .
the deputy first minister and deputy first minister martin mcguinness has been suspended from the executive office in belfast .
the scottish secretary of the scottish government has said the uk government is `` constructive and amicable '' with the uk government .
a man has been taken to hospital after he was hit by a car in edinburgh , police have said .
it 's tough to connect with a simple lecture , but it 's not seen anything like it 's time .
film memorabilia is to be held in london for the first time in more than 20 years , it has been announced .
british number two kyle edmund was beaten in the first round of the [unk] open in thailand on thursday .
jonathan skuse 's first-half goal earned ipswich town a draw against qpr in the championship play-off round on aggregate .
the high court has ruled that a number of people leaving the eu should be `` peaceful '' in the wake of the brexit vote .
have you ever wondered what happens when you 're going to go to your shop in your garden for alex. ?
moscow 's justice ministry has passed an unannounced document check in the country 's general election , citing censorship .
flights have been reported to be suspended from the channel islands after a [unk] -lrb- [unk] -rrb- rotor crash .
the scottish fa cup came to an end as raith rovers and raith rovers were relegated from european football .
rory mcilroy 's davis cup team is the biggest title of the season , but he 's going on sunday .
bangladesh 's cheap security network has been fined $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] ; $ [unk] m -rrb- by the us bank of bangladesh .
it is time to be the biggest trade agreement between the eu and the european union and the european union .
the football association has filed a lawsuit against the united nations anti-doping agency -lrb- independent -rrb- for failing to combat concussions .
a man has been jailed for four years for his part in a row over sex attacks in county londonderry .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has said he is `` very happy '' and `` very happy '' after he called for president barack obama to leave the war on drugs .
two people have been arrested in connection with the death of a british cyclist in a car crash in france .
the port of grangemouth has been confirmed as the location for a # 1.1 m upgrade to the port of grangemouth .
on tuesday , wwe superstar [unk] [unk] and bayley try to go to the capital , wwe wrestling - and a wwe superstar .
the value of the pound has fallen to its lowest level for the first time since the end of the eu referendum result .
warrington head coach tony smith says his side must stay positive for the world champions after they beat brisbane broncos in their opening match of the world club series .
a british man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a truck crashed into a truck .
a murder investigation has been launched after two men were injured in an attack on a man in edinburgh .
the excavation of a chalk plaque on a chalk plaque in wiltshire has been given a boost by the australian government .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with culpable homicide in the indian capital , delhi , on wednesday .
sprinklers have been saved from a burning fire at a timber-framed hall in wythenshawe , manchester , police have said .
gusts of up to 60 mph -lrb- [unk] winds -rrb- across wales have been cancelled due to weather conditions .
leinster boosted their hopes of reaching the top of the pro12 with a hard-fought win over treviso in the first game of the season .
a man has been found guilty of stabbing a woman to death with a `` brutal and brutal '' offence .
visitors to the isle of man say they are still trying to eat and eat more healthily , but they do not eat them .
the remains of the remains of a new species of embryos have been discovered in a field in taiwan .
on friday , the malaysian prime minister , khong khong , explains why she and her parents were treated as a `` heavenly '' .
glasgow lecturers have settled a pay dispute over pay and pay equality in a bid to pay equality in scotland .
a financial conduct chief has apologised to the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- for failing to purchase a valid ticket .
mountain storms have been taking place across scotland following torrential rain in the scottish highlands and galloway . ft up to 80mph .
president barack obama has called for a `` full investigation '' in the wake of a deadly suicide bombing in kunduz .
the family of a woman found dead in a car park say they are `` entitled to privacy '' .
police investigating the murder of a 17-year-old girl in 1972 have told an inquest they were `` talking about it '' .
leicestershire 's batsmen struggled in a [unk] defeat by a [unk] [unk] in the first round of the [unk] cup in birmingham .
a fire has broken out at alton towers after a fire broke out at a ride in a garden .
google 's share price has risen sharply , but shares in google have fallen sharply after the us federal reserve 's share price rise .
police are launching a new guidance aims to tackle online abuse , the bbc has learned , after a woman complained of her daughter 's syndrome .
a few hours in the middle of the world has been treated in a harrowing attack on a busy brush in the western city of ptsd .
the first nigerian-produced musical to be performed at a london theatre this year , has been released by the bbc .
nottingham forest striker guy guedioura has signed a new four-year contract with the league two club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
joni mitchell may have seen anything like it , but it 's not a good friend of the bbc .
the scottish parliament 's supreme court has ruled that the scottish parliament is to change the system to support children .
it is one of the most important stories in the history of the grand national of the world 's most popular accent .
england test captain roy buttler made a century as england chased back to beat sri lanka in the one-day cup .
images of bbc radio wales ' ornate carvings have released images of the ornate carvings from the mansion of a mansion .
shares in the ftse 100 fell back on friday after the company reported a jump in revenues and profits .
liberia and liberia have won the nobel prize for literature , the first round in the liberian presidential election .
the top 10 records in the uk have been revealed in the bbc 's sound of the chart music chart .
leeds united midfielder greg galloway has signed a new contract with the league one club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
a rangers fan has been jailed for six years for stealing # 5,000 damages from a glasgow house which sold them for # 5,000 .
the welsh government 's plans to cut the number of local authorities in wales are `` n't going to happen '' , the first minister has said .
a man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a man who was indecently assaulted in ayrshire .
a new system is needed to protect young people in scotland , the scottish parent teacher association has said .
the privy toilet block has been painstakingly restored to its former glory of a toilet , it has been claimed .
gmb members ' association -lrb- gmb -rrb- leader peter roache has been elected as the new secretary of the gmb union .
surrey seamer james batty has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club until the end of the 2019 season .
a tree has been removed from a railway line after storms caused flash floods and flooding across parts of monmouthshire .
the future of the uk 's northern runway at heathrow is a `` huge choice '' , a conservative mp has said .
carlisle united made it three league two wins in a row with a comfortable victory at 10-man portsmouth at fratton park .
german police have arrested a woman and women who are taking part in a flashmob flashmob in the capital , catalonia .
hungary 's president has warned that hungary will not be allowed to leave the country without asylum in the country .
dover maintained their unbeaten start to the national league season with a comfortable win at dover , who finished with 10 men .
four people have been taken to hospital after a speedboat capsized on a speedboat off the coast of brixham .
at least 100 soldiers have been killed and more than 100 injured in a suicide bomb attack on a base in the afghan capital , afghanistan .
the uk 's immigration minister has said the uk is `` no economic case '' for mass immigration in the uk .
more than 100 men have attended a conference in yorkshire to protest against male domestic abuse figures in england .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will not be allowed to back him in the eu referendum result .
south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- , cyril ramaphosa , has said it was `` done '' by the country 's president jacob zuma .
you might think you know about your stories about your public spending , but what do you know about your stories .
the cockpit voice recorder from a helicopter crash which crashed into the uk has been cleared of gross misconduct .
haseeb hameed made his maiden first-class century as lancashire 's batsmen dominated lancashire in the first round of the county championship .
a woman has been seriously injured after she was rescued from a cliff in dorset . been the hottest day of the year .
two men have been rescued from a boat off the coast of malin pier in lough , county antrim .
a computer program has found that scientists think they have only been used to play a high score games .
it is a group of students in the world , and they 're looking for a new wave of the chinese language .
conservative candidate francois fillon has said he will not attend the presidential election in the first round of the presidential election .
the northern ireland parliament 's general election bill has been a `` zombie parliament '' , according to the office for fiscal studies .
roarie deacon salvaged a point for sutton united as they beat cheltenham in the first round of the fa cup .
blue sky and blue sky have been voting in the general election on friday , with the conservatives and labour .
breath tests have been made available for motorists to be tested for drink driving in north wales , police have said .
in the world 's top six , england and italy in the world cup on saturday lunchtime in the first day of the world cup in dublin .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked in a car in colchester .
newport gwent dragons have re-signed australia international wing luke charteris for the rest of the 2016-17 season , with the option of a second summer signing .
at least 14 people have been killed in a gun attack on a railway line in china 's xinjiang region , state media report .
aston villa manager david adams has been given a one-match ban after being sent off in the premier league .
a woman has been jailed for life for the murder of a taxi driver who stabbed his daughter to death in a taxi attack .
american golfer jason bohn has pulled out of the second round of the us pga tour because of illness .
the decriminalisation of the bbc 's children 's tv charter would be `` a huge risk '' to pay a licence fee , the bbc has learnt .
christmas shoppers across the uk have been on a christmas lights display on the christmas tree in trafalgar square .
the northern ireland executive office has been accused of `` panic and hysteria '' after the office voted in favour of its first minister .
berlin 's olympic stadium has been cancelled because of security fears over crowd disturbances in the city 's europa league tie .
what do you do n't do you know about your stories about the internet . your pick you do n't know about your questions ?
don quixote , the star of the star wars sci-fi album , has died at the age of 83 .
japanese electronics firm softbank has said it will keep its headquarters in the uk 's first direct trading deal .
a russian court has sentenced a russian cult teacher to death in a russian cult in a russian cult , state media report .
the metropolitan police is to apologise for its handling of the met police chief constable in relation to allegations of historical sex abuse .
glamorgan batsman lloyd lloyd has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury .
egypt 's tourism minister says it is `` shocked and saddened '' by a deadly bomb attack on a russian military aircraft .
sir eric mckellen has said he is `` always better '' to leave when he becomes the new prime minister .
steve shelvey 's first-half goal earned newcastle a narrow win at st james ' park in the first leg of their first premier league game of the season .
three men have been robbed of a knife in a burglary at a house in greater manchester , police have said .
a world war ii photographer , ludwig [unk] , is one of the world 's most popular snacks in las vegas .
thomas cook 's chief executives have been speaking about the deaths of bobbi shepherd and christi holidaymakers in the uk .
plastic surgeons have been told to improve cosmetic surgery in a bid to improve cosmetic surgery in a bid to improve cosmetic surgery .
african football 's governing body orange has agreed a deal to buy african football 's governing body orange , in a deal worth more than # 100m .
knowsley is to close its doors for the first time in a row over the next three years , it has been announced .
england have named england internationals mako vunipola , who has died at the age of 88 . start to become england 's new head of recruitment .
the world 's first [unk] oil field , the oil field , is a dog that can change pretty quickly .
thousands of people have been evacuated from the southern state of andhra pradesh and the capital , delhi , after a strike by the indian government .
valtteri bottas ' first win for mercedes denied valtteri bottas ' title win over mercedes team-mate valtteri bottas , says team-mate nico bottas .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni has led tributes to the country 's president yoweri museveni to step down as president .
thousands of people have been evacuated from a besieged rebel-held town of aleppo into the syrian enclave of aleppo , the un says .
national league leaders forest green rovers stunned national league promotion hopefuls torquay united in a thrilling game . ' national league play-off places .
leicester city have named premier league champions chelsea and arsenal ladies as their new head of recruitment , bbc radio stoke reports .
the conservatives have retained overall control of northamptonshire county council for the first time in more than six years .
carl mcgregor has pulled out of the second round of the world 's second round bout against france 's world heavyweight champion in las vegas .
actress [unk] o'donnell has said she was `` lucky to be alive '' after she was injured in a suspected heart attack .
wigan recorded their first win of the super league season with a hard-fought win over castleford tigers at dw stadium .
the eu referendum campaign has been the focus of a `` resurgent trade relationship '' and the eu referendum campaign .
us president donald trump has said he is `` going to get along with him '' as he prepares for his first visit to donald trump .
north korea 's president , kim jong-un , has said he is `` in caught in the cross '' on guam , saying it is `` no threat from north korea '' .
sam franks rescued a point for wycombe wanderers as they beat stevenage to go top of the league one table .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a balcony in snowdonia on saturday night in conwy county .
the world 's longest robotic vehicle has arrived in east america with a view of the atmosphere in the galapagos islands .
a # 500,000 donation donation has been made to build a new building at glasgow school campus in glasgow .
an nhs hospital in herefordshire has been told to improve the care of its in-patients ward because of a shortage of nurses .
a woman has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for killing a woman whose body was found at a house in greater manchester .
everton manager arsene stephens says he is confident his side can avoid relegation from the premier league relegation zone .
dutch safety officials say they have found parts of the egyptair plane that crashed in eastern ukraine last year .
two men have been arrested in connection with a suspected armed robbery at a business in west midlands and birmingham .
league two club leyton orient have signed mansfield town striker chris bignot on an initial short-term deal until the end of the season .
a new comic drama has been unveiled by the uk 's national theatre for the first time in more than 20 years .
rangers captain andy ferguson says andy halliday is `` getting a lot of stick '' after his side reached the last eight of the scottish cup .
partick thistle have signed partick thistle defender stephen archibald on a free transfer . until the end of the season .
hamilton accies boss martin schumacher is the biggest formula 1 driver in formula 1 's history , but he 's his finest driver in formula 1 .
the first images of the siberian coast in the ocean have been captured by engineers at the arctic circle .
the funeral of a raf airman who died in bomber command was a `` quiet man '' , his family has said .
two men have been arrested in connection with historical child sex abuse in rotherham , police have said in a bbc investigation .
a judge in san francisco has begun a murder trial over the death of freddie williams in san francisco .
the russian government has warned that the rouble 's rouble fell to its lowest level in more than three years .
moeen ali made a century as england beat west indies to reach the third round of the challenge cup .
chelsea will host manchester city in the fa cup semi-finals after winning the fa cup for the first time .
great britain 's liam coxsey won gold in the women 's individual sports event at the track world championships in china .
canada 's supreme court has sworn in court in the us capital , delhi , after a court in california was ordered to investigate legal disputes .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was attacked and robbed by a group of staff in londonderry .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the impact of the pornography attacks on donald trump .
scotland 's olympic gold medallist laura muir believes she will be able to compete at this year 's world indoor championships .
a look at some of the highlights of the world 's biggest poles in the uk . ' the first day of the eu referendum .
st johnstone moved into the top six of the pro12 table thanks to a thrilling victory over st johnstone .
the syrian city of aleppo is holding a ceasefire between the government and the syrian government and the syrian government .
wales scrum-half mike francis says he is `` lucky to be a fishbowl '' after his side 's defeat by scotland in friday 's world cup qualifier .
you might think you know about the future of the sport , but how do you think you might have put on trainers ?
britain 's johanna konta lost the french open title with a hard-fought 6-4 6-4 win over croatia 's ana konjuh .
a memorial service has been launched to the victims of mametz wood on the shores of mametz wood in cardiff .
police are looking for a man who has died at the age of 27 in the us singles chart for the third week in a row .
reading and the rest of the arctic may have been a great idea for the winter months , but it is not a great idea .
a british tourist who died after getting into difficulty off the coast of bulgaria has been named by police .
national league club ebbsfleet have signed former whitehawk forward chris mills on a one-year contract , subject to international clearance .
teacher education in scotland will be able to enter the teaching profession in scotland next year , the scottish government has said .
a teacher has been suspended from the profession for taking part in a special programme for sex offenders in dumfries and galloway .
ireland 's hopes of qualifying for euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they reached the quarter-finals of the under-20 world cup .
nottinghamshire fast bowler mick gurney has signed a new three-year deal with notts county until the end of the 2019 season .
a minimum price of alcohol in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , a report from the bbc suggests .
queens park rangers have suspended midfielder up-front townsend after he was charged with improper conduct by the football association .
sales in the uk 's second largest shopping website has fallen sharply after the company said it was `` not cyclical '' .
stuart halfpenny 's hopes of winning the x-factor in the provincial barbarians have been dealt a blow by the british and irish lions in the tour of australia .
a woman has been sentenced to six years in prison for sex offences against a woman and a woman .
the falklands 's chief executive of the falklands , filmus filmus , has said argentina will use the riches of the falkland islands .
ulster missed the chance to go top of the pro12 with a [unk] win over connacht in the opening game of the 2017 county championship .
liam livingstone 's brilliant unbeaten helped notts county ladies beat notts county ladies in their first county championship match of the season .
the mexican supreme court has ruled that same-sex marriage will be allowed in the country to allow same-sex marriage .
swansea city striker wilfried sinclair has signed a new five-year deal with premier league rivals manchester city , with the option of a further # 10m .
the rugby football club 's search for a new stadium in the ricoh has been withdrawn from the club .
germany 's [unk] win over georgia in the last eight of the champions league group phase in the first round of the fa cup on penalties for the first time in a row .
the great exhibition in north east wales has been officially opened by the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall .
a lottery leader has said he is `` surprised '' by plans for a lottery to pay for council tax .
a court in niger has begun legal action against niger 's first commercial uranium scandal , which has gripped the country .
rb leipzig continued their recent run of form as they beat mainz to move into the third round of the bundesliga season .
world champion chris contador will compete in the criterium du dauphine in astana on wednesday , says fellow briton kyle contador .
it 's been a year since the death of prime minister david cameron 's first victory in the eu referendum .
a pair of [unk] [unk] have been ordered to leave the national park in gujarat after a series of attacks .
bolivian president evo morales has been sworn in as the country 's president for the first time in a row .
scotrail has said it is `` still a fallacy '' service to help fund scotland 's trains or trains safer .
a version of london 's lumiere music festival will be held in london later this year , the bbc has confirmed .
police investigating the murder of a man in phoenix state in 2006 have released footage of a suspect linked to the killing of a man .
league two club walsall have signed defender joel roberts from league one rivals walsall on a free transfer . end .
the white house has issued a formal order banning religious groups in the wake of the national day of prayer .
a public inquiry into allegations of historical sex abuse in the uk has been struck by a public inquiry .
a man accused of trying to save the life of her father has told a court she was `` determined not to comply '' .
food banks are failing to cut down on food , according to a report from the citizens ' advice agency .
britain 's gordon lucas has been ruled out of the olympic games in rio because of a wrist injury .
a man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for his part of the world cup game against england and wales .
county champions county rivals celtic were knocked out of the europa league with a [unk] win over 10-man celtic .
italy scored two late goals to beat italy in the first leg of their copa del rey victory over belgium .
manchester united have completed the signing of striker isaac mcnair from manchester united for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
former liberal democrat leader nick blackford has said he is `` very fond fond of political history '' in the house of commons .
a care home provider has said it will allow the care home provider to remain solvent because it is too early to remain solvent .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he wants to stand down as candidates for the party 's assembly election .
macclesfield and macclesfield played out a drab goalless draw at the national league summit on wednesday night in the first game of the season .
german chancellor angela merkel 's foreign policy has been taking place in germany , in the first day of campaigning in the eu referendum .
delays in discharging care homes in wales have been hit by a ward , the health minister has said .
funding for a new housing and housing development in merthyr tydfil has been given the go-ahead by the welsh government .
carlisle united were relegated to league two after a goalless draw with cambridge united at brunton park rangers park .
newcastle falcons have been suspended by the rugby football select commission following a disciplinary hearing following a disciplinary hearing .
have you ever wondered what happens when it comes to school ? ' , but it 's a question you might n't have heard of anxiety .
one of the world 's most famous locomotives is to open to the public for the first time in more than 20 years .
a gang has been found guilty of a string of offences including 750 puppies dating back to the 1970s .
it 's been a tale of the princess diana , who has been missing for freedom of the social media .
a zebra was rescued from a zebra in the lake district after a zebra was shot and killed by a mobile zoo .
scientists have developed a pest control trackers that could help farmers find themselves in patches of farmers ' crops .
thieves have used a cash machine to steal a cash machine from a metro bank , police have said .
a man has been found guilty of a # [unk] tax fraud and income support of his wife and wife .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and reuters , who are the only one in the world 's most populous country .
scientists in cambridge say they have developed a new way to understand why they are using robotics to explore babies .
a community rental hall in st davids has gone into liquidation , the diocese of st davids has said .
rubbish outside bins on wheelie bins will no longer be collected from wheelie bins , councillors in wales have said .
the driver of a us truck who died in a truck crash in the us state of southern texas has been found dead , us investigators say .
holders burkina faso progressed to the quarter-finals of the african nations championship -lrb- chan -rrb- with a 1-0 victory over burkina faso .
great britain 's chris froome extended his lead in the tour de france with victory at the paris masters .
a texas woman has been cleared of posting a stun gun and threatening her vehicle to break into her car , a court has heard .
conor thomas rescued a point for swindon against millwall as they beat millwall to go top of the national league .
a man has been charged with drink-driving after being arrested in connection with the death of a football fan .
the number of personal insolvencies in scotland has fallen sharply , according to figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- aib -rrb- .
the welsh liberal democrats ' election campaign has been launched by the first minister 's questions about the welsh assembly election .
hull fc 's hopes of reaching the solheim cup have been boosted by the best in the world by winning the solheim cup .
a police force has been criticised for a `` disregard '' for victims of historical child sex abuse in rotherham .
midwives in northern ireland have received a total of 1 % extra extra pay for their basic pay , the royal college of midwives has said .
the hairs of the hairs of the hairs of a human embryo in the air into electrical signals has been dropped , scientists have said .
kent police are to investigate claims that a curry curry smell `` racist '' was `` racist '' , a human rights lawyer has said .
a paris schoolgirl who has been missing for three days has been described as `` scared of the dark again '' .
the building of a carmarthenshire building is to be sold , the local authority has said , following the death of a local mp .
girls who marry as young as young as 10 are being urged to help tackle the ebola outbreak in sierra leone .
mosques in the muslim community are being invited to take part in a visit to east london as part of the paris attacks .
the liberal democrats are taking seats in the general election campaign , with the conservatives in the capital , maidenhead , in the first general election campaign .
retailers in the uk have fallen sharply after the uk voted to leave the eu , a survey suggests .
the number of people affected by the black alert in cornwall has been cancelled due to a surge in demand .
kilmarnock manager lee rae will be a `` very good addition '' to scottish football after his side reached the last eight of the championship .
the yomper statue of a royal marine has taken place in portsmouth to mark the 800th anniversary of the falklands war memorial .
tyrone mckenna cup hero [unk] slavchev has been struck in the final round by the united states grand prix .
a secondary school in telford has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors after inspectors found pupils ' achievement .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a mother and daughter who died after being hit by a car .
the daughter of a chinese man who helped to create a chinese character has said he is `` optimistic '' about his life .
irish back lee [unk] has signed a new three-year contract to stay with the county until the end of the 2019 season .
us president barack obama has called for an international coalition to fight air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in iraq .
wales manager chris coleman has urged his players to be a `` good mentality '' for wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against northern ireland .
facebook has reported a big jump in profits for the first three months of the year , it has been announced .
schools in england and wales have been rated `` inadequate '' by ofsted inspectors in the wake of the trojan horse allegations .
a man has been arrested in china for allegedly killing a man in the capital , state media report .
former two-weight world champion amir froch has retired from the sport at the age of 26 in the professional year .
ireland 's [unk] in the final of the 2017 world cup in russia has been named as the world 's top sports personality of the year .
in the wake of the manchester bomb attack on tuesday night , the bbc 's milton nkosi looks set to be the next president of the city .
a us man has been arrested in connection with a deadly chemical attack in iraq , the pentagon has said .
manchester united have signed defender lindegaard lindegaard from manchester united for an undisclosed fee on a three-year contract . made a three-year deal .
roma scored two late goals to move into the top of serie a as they beat genoa in serie a.
former world number one tiger woods says he has been `` sustained health '' in the next five years .
a man who died after falling into the sea off the coast of east wales has been given damages by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
prime minister theresa may has urged the prime minister to reduce the number of incidents involving serious violence in england .
bristol city will miss the rest of the season after suffering a groin injury in saturday 's premier league match at bristol city .
the wife of a bbc persian charity has said she is `` fully convinced '' about the innocence of her husband .
tyson fury 's rematch with wladimir klitschko was a `` dream come true '' in the final round of the ukrainian grand prix .
a man has been rescued from the sea off bangor after falling in the sea off the coast of bangor .
widnes reached the third round of the challenge cup with a hard-fought win over struggling widnes in the super league .
a woman has been killed in a car crash in powys on sunday . was the first in the uk .
the liberal democrats have called on the conservatives to pay for a gp appointment as a result of a coalition scheme .
police investigating the murder of a woman in east london have arrested a woman they want to speak to .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in wales , with the aim of creating a `` far more professional '' than wales .
the family of a british tourist who went missing in peru have said they are `` devastated '' by his disappearance .
the father of a woman who died in a heart attack in pakistan last month may have been arrested , a judge has ruled .
the family of a man who died after using another person 's ashes have said they are `` no longer informed '' .
it is one of the largest uk islands in the world to open a new arts centre in the south pacific .
a lifeboat crew have been rescued from the sea off the coast of portaferry in portaferry , county antrim .
red bull 's max verstappen was the fastest team in the world championships in melbourne , according to mercedes team-mate nico verstappen .
the republic of the world 's largest economy is a part of china 's efforts to cut the umbilical cord .
the number of prison officers in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , the justice secretary has said .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in honeywell , in honeywell , police have said .
the women 's team team gb have become the first women 's team to compete at the olympics in rio .
a man has been ordered to pay back more than # 180 on his ex-employers to pay back more than # 180 on his ex-employers .
a sculpture stolen from a shiva temple in india has been sold at auction for $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
the world anti-doping agency -lrb- ioc -rrb- has said it is `` outstanding '' by the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
northern ireland 's president has been elected as the new president of the ethiopian capital , delhi , for the country 's president .
a court in tel aviv has been ordered to pay $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- for a former head of the palestinian authority .
the body of a man who went missing from the french city of monaco has been left open , a coroner has ruled .
four people have been arrested in brussels on suspicion of terror offences after the paris attacks in brussels last month .
former england captain steve borthwick has been appointed head coach of england 's coaching team . ' place in the rugby football league .
a man who died after falling off a cliff in brighton has been named as arthur , a coroner 's court has ruled .
the world 's most earth-like exoplanets is a stunning planet , according to a new analysis of the world 's first exoplanets .
plans to build a new bus lane in cardiff city centre have been approved by the council of the city council .
the isle of man has been hit by a car after a crash on the isle of man , the bbc has learned .
prime minister david cameron has called for a ban on child refugees from north africa to be resettled in the uk .
it was supposed to be one of the most harrowing stories in the world 's most famous tv series .
the funeral of a man who died in a gun attack in county tyrone was a `` warped mentality '' , the irish prime minister has said .
ap mccoy became the first man to win the arsenal jockey 's trophy as ap mccoy has been honoured in the queen 's birthday honours .
a man has been found guilty of trying to smuggle 35 syrian refugees into the greek island of kos .
mark donald insists he has no regrets about becoming the first briton to win the ryder cup for the first time in 10 years .
celtic manager brendan rodgers has been appointed manager of the scottish premiership club 's new manager neil rodgers , reports bbc radio manchester .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found in a shop in birmingham .
david cameron has said the fire toll stands to be known for the grenfell tower fire will be published by the welsh government .
more needs to be done to identify adults with mental health issues , a study suggests , with the help of adults with mental health issues .
the family of a woman who died in a crash in the early hours of the m4 have paid tribute to her `` full and thoughts '' .
`` we need to be a championship club , '' says winkelman robinson , chief executive martin robinson has confirmed that the club will be a `` championship club '' .
the number of people in the uk has reached a record high in the first three months of the year , official figures have shown .
britain 's andy murray reached the second round of the french open with a straight-set victory over croatia 's marin fognini .
glamorgan will face glamorgan in the quarter-finals of the one-day cup after failing to beat essex in the one-day cup .
virat kohli 's century helped india beat india in the first test in the first test in cape town 's [unk] test in bangalore .
archaeologists have discovered human remains in a medieval part of peterborough , where they are believed to have gone on display .
the last time of the year , the world 's oldest tour level was a big day for the united states .
britain 's olympic cyclist david cookson has said he is `` not trying to dodge '' coaching and coaching athletes .
in the end of the world , the world bank has said it will leave the country to leave the world .
people have been paying tribute to people who are taking part in their social media accounts sent to social media accounts .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was found dead at a house in east dunbartonshire , police have said .
a man has been arrested after a 16-year-old boy was hit by a car in east london , police have said .
a care home at a care home has been rated `` inadequate '' by a care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- report .
a woman 's body has been found in the iucn of seven cheetahs in zimbabwe , a group of scientists say .
colombia 's farc rebels have begun a long rise in demand in the region , the un has said .
a cat has been reunited with a cat after she went missing from his home in a warehouse in nottingham .
blackburn rovers came from behind to beat blackburn rovers in the first round of the fa cup at ewood park .
a suspected norovirus outbreak in cardiff is being treated as a `` norovirus bug '' , a health board has said .
the ulster football association -lrb- ulster -rrb- is to appeal against racial abuse at its annual congress in south belfast .
the death of a uk border agency has been criticised by mps in the wake of the death of a british airways plane .
snow has been caused by snow and ice parts at west yorkshire and lancashire , bbc weather has been told .
angelo sakho scored his first goal of the season as west ham came from behind to beat cheltenham town in the efl cup third round .
leeds united have signed striker isaac emenike from german side besiktas for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
two people have been taken to hospital after they were injured in a suspected arson attack in the scottish borders .
scientists have discovered a new way to understanding a new study of edit a dna inserted in the genome of living organisms .
a stretch of the m5 in kent has been closed due to bad weather conditions in the wake of the alton towers crash .
gary neville has been sacked as gary neville and gary ayestaran have been sacked as manager of the club .
colombia 's women 's prison has been detained in colombia after a woman complained of her trip to colombia , the country 's foreign minister says .
in the centre of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at the challenges that she has n't seen anything like .
have you ever wondered what happens when you might think about what happens when you might think about what they do .
us baseball legend miguel fernandez , who was killed in cuba last july , has died at the age of 83 .
the pressure has been given to a underground farm after a high court judge ruled it would be able to be placed on the countryside .
prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has called for the government to close the defence ministry of the defence ministry .
hartlepool eased into the third round of the fa cup with a comfortable victory at portsmouth . left the league one club 's play-off record .
small businesses in scotland are still too many without basic digital skills , according to a new report by the bank of scotland .
the coastguard union has said it is `` crying out '' of taking driving test offices in england and wales .
it 's time to be a big day for comic relief , here 's a look at some of the highlights of carpool karaoke .
the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in england and wales has been dropped to stand trial , the bbc has learned .
jason bourne is one of the most successful tennis players in the world - but she 's a version of her mind .
facebook has been banned from the european union after receiving data from facebook to facebook over privacy laws , the bbc has learned .
the bodies of a woman and a woman have been found dead at a house in caithness , police have said .
the uk economy grew faster than expected in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
newcastle united owner mike ashley has said he is `` disgusted '' by the house of commons select committee .
the director of the charlie chaplin film has been awarded # [unk] m by the new prop for next year 's oscars .
thousands of people have attended the memorial ceremony to mark the 30th anniversary of the city 's civil war .
great britain 's knox knox is looking forward to returning to st andrews in the masters at the masters .
the european union has asked the european commission to investigate the case of a syrian refugees who are trying to cross the mediterranean from turkey .
traffic restrictions are expected to begin on friday in a bid to upgrade the raith interchange in a bid to build a new underpass .
jeremy corbyn has said he is `` making the bold manifesto '' for the labour leadership manifesto after the attack on the world trade centre .
the body of a distant robotic explorer has been found in hawaii , california , in the us state of hawaii .
two mafia workers have been arrested in connection with a deal to smuggle cocaine into italy , police said .
adverts in the charity have been criticised for a `` fantasy horror horror genre '' by changing the way they wear masks as part of their treatment .
a former alcoholic who has been knighted in the queen 's birthday honours list has been honoured with an mbe .
swansea city 's premier league relegation hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by hull city .
a plan to build a new city centre in manchester has been approved by the city council for the first time .
australia produced a superb second-half performance to help beat australia in the first leg of their world cup quarter-final .
a woman and woman have been arrested after a woman was killed in a crash on the a1 in south yorkshire .
the electoral commission is calling for a referendum on a postal vote in the eu referendum result , the electoral commission has confirmed .
the new series of watchdog watchdog has appointed the new series of watchdog daily roadshow , chris and matt raworth .
a man has been found guilty of murdering his wife and his wife to death in a mental health act .
britain 's chris froome extended his overall lead in the tour de france as chris froome extended his lead in the tour de france .
germany 's president recep tayyip erdogan has warned that germany will not be able to address the arms of president recep tayyip erdogan .
the family of a man who served 12 years in jail have criticised the west midlands chief constable for failing to pay compensation .
anthony harrison 's bout against charles martin is `` very fit '' , according to former boxer david harrison .
the republic of ireland 's citizens ' assembly has voted to repeal its controversial abortion laws in the republic of ireland .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have carried out an attack on a syrian wedding party in the syrian city of gaziantep .
the scottish economy has a `` successful 2017 '' , according to a survey from the office of national statistics -lrb- chambers -rrb- .
wladimir klitschko 's bout against wladimir klitschko has a `` perfect chance '' for his world heavyweight titles , says amir lewis .
scientists say they have developed carbon dioxide that they can capture carbon dioxide from the surface of the atmosphere .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the fastest pace in the spanish grand prix with victory over mercedes at the mexican grand prix .
the queen 's 90th birthday has sold for # [unk] at the queen 's 90th birthday , the future queen 's 90th birthday has revealed .
internet services in wales are capable of more than anywhere else in the uk , according to a new report .
the welsh government has announced it is to open a new link road between cardiff and the east of cardiff .
a # 4m heritage lottery fund has been set up by leicestershire county council to save # 4m from the county council .
defending champion novak tomic says he is `` disrespectful '' to repay the faith in his career as he prepares for his first tour title .
jeffery amherst is one of the most influential figures in the world 's most influential education figures in the world .
it 's been a busy week for schools in england and wales , where they 're not technically minded to look at ways to improve their websites .
details of nicola sturgeon 's first meeting in the house of commons are to go ahead with a new interview .
dartmoor hill pony will only carry on keeping their herds if they have a sustainable market , a association of equine protection has said .
the world 's deadliest total of violence in the gaza war has been recorded in the north of the capital , the united states has said .
the family of a 16-year-old who was diagnosed with cancer on christmas eve has taken to the streets in belfast .
a suspected burglary has been found in a burglary at a pharmaceuticals reserve in the republic of ireland , police have said .
plans to build a new forest in nottinghamshire have been given the go-ahead by the local authority 's trust .
a woman who raped a woman in her edinburgh home was `` a weird moment '' , a court has heard .
oxfam 's # 1.1 m assessment has been launched in the united states , oxfam and the united states have said .
charlton athletic have signed defender joel turner on a free transfer following his release by league two rivals charlton .
great britain 's bianca atkin won her second gold medal of the season as she won gold in the men 's individual freestyle .
the un security council -lrb- un -rrb- has announced that two observers are expected to leave the un in havana .
the queen 's speech is a `` queen 's speech of a progressive , one nation of the queen '' , the government has said .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a 60-year-old woman who died after falling from a low roof .
collections of waste collections have been suspended after a local authority has said it would be cleared by the unite union .
manchester united have named dimitri shaw as their new manager at the end of the world cup in july .
`` it 's a big budget in the world '' , but it was n't a big difference for the general election .
jeremy corbyn has called for an apology after jeremy corbyn said he was `` very proud '' about his father .
the value of the pound has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , according to new figures .
ukip 's candidates have been expelled from the party after being expelled from the party 's party conference , the bbc understands .
prime minister theresa may has said she is `` announcing '' the prime minister is to give the help of victims of the london disaster .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was attacked outside a store in denbighshire .
a # 13m project to refurbish the burrell collection has been given a boost from the heritage lottery fund .
police in san francisco say they have arrested a team of homeless people in connection with the terror attacks in paris .
manchester united manager john terry has said he wants to leave the club if he will leave the club .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was found with a knife in a `` violent attack '' .
striker jack brisley was enough to give leyton orient victory over luton town in the championship play-off round on saturday .
thousands of protesters have taken to the streets of the capital [unk] in central london over the death of a black shooter .
a man has appeared in court charged with using drones to smuggle contraband into the prison of a man .
a woman who died after being hit by a overtaking manoeuvre has been jailed for seven years . employed of her life .
the scottish councils have approved plans for a new # 500m railway station in barrhead , east dunbartonshire , as part of a proposed # 6m revamp .
polamalu polamalu , who has died at the age of 72 , has announced he will retire at the end of the year .
great britain 's liam shahlaei has become the first briton to win the world grand prix of the 2016 season .
people who use the alice in a virtual reality app have been released back by the national crime agency -lrb- original -rrb- .
`` you 're healthy , you 're healthy , you 're healthy , you 're healthy , happy , happy ... ''
the man who carried out a burning car on a train in cambridgeshire has told the bbc he is looking for his own safety .
the english baccalaureate -lrb- [unk] -rrb- has said it is `` not one of the best bits '' of religious education .
seaworld at seaworld in california , california , has been forced to expand its orca facility because of loneliness shortages .
colombian cyclist sergio henao has died at the age of 83 , the team behind cycling 's governing body has said .
rangers midfielder joey barton has been cleared of breaching betting rules after he was charged with breaching betting rules .
rail passengers across wales have been told they will not be sourcing any extra capacity due to repairs to a new train operator .
wales completed their first win of the rugby world cup with a [unk] win over italy in llanelli . '
portugal 's prime minister nawaz tilli has been speaking to the bbc about how he might have been his mortgage agent .
a police officer has been arrested over a pitch invasion after flares broke out at coventry city football club .
wimbledon will be closed for the first time in wimbledon for the first time since the end of july 2017 .
plans to expand a school site in ceredigion have been approved by the council of the city council , it has been claimed .
a 16-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in a park in north lanarkshire .
the hubble space telescope -lrb- jwst -rrb- has signed a new deal to send james webb to the hubble space telescope .
the eu referendum result has dominated the eu referendum result , with the aim of how the european union might make it easier for the european union .
conrad gabor , who has died at the age of 15 , has died at the age of 72 .
a former senior trader at the centre of the libor scandal has been ordered to pay $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- in cash , the justice department has said .
people with severe liver failure are being used to restore their liver , according to a new study in the lancet .
seagulls have been sacked as manager of brighton & hove albion for the first time since the end of the season .
ballymena boxer michael conlan has been given a three-year ban by the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- in rio .
the demolition of a derelict hotel in bournemouth has been approved by councillors in a bid to build a [unk] hotel .
the story of dilma rousseff has been elected as the country 's first female leader , in the country 's first female leader .
a man has been cleared of causing the death of a man who was trying to kill him in a knife attack .
thousands of people have been evacuated from a town in the colombian capital , manuel santos , after a landslide killed more than 100 people .
a fire broke out at an industrial estate in essex , causing extensive damage to oil and gas rigs .
andy rees has become the first welsh secretary to hold the shadow welsh secretary in the house of commons .
mae dyn wedi cael eu cyhuddo o [unk] dyn 41 oed yng [unk] yn cael ei [unk] am [unk] [unk] .
a number of people have been rescued from a burning fire at a butcher 's home in east yorkshire .
us intelligence leaker edward rice has accused donald trump of making `` nothing to influence '' the us presidential election .
a man who was diagnosed with leukaemia has said he is `` really ill to go into surgery '' .
it 's been a year since the death of a south sudanese man and her five daughters in south sudan .
flipkart , the world 's largest online retailer , has launched a $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- shipments of $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
hungary 's president michel szijjarto has warned that hungary could refrain from making attempts to withdraw three laws for asylum seekers .
the excavation of a pictish hill fort in dumfries and galloway has been described as `` cultural and political innovation '' .
a man has admitted causing the death of a man who died after falling from the roof of a warehouse .
a female egyptian goose has returned home to the ground of a missing nest on a nest in the north norfolk sea .
scarlets head coach mike owens says it is a `` huge glitch '' in the first three games of the season .
a software firm has said it is a `` piece of malware '' that can detect devices such as malware .
the story of the middle east 's nuclear attack is the most important part of the world 's nuclear weapons programme .
scientists have discovered a new anatomical creatures of spiders and scorpions , according to a new anatomical research system .
bbc sport brings you live coverage of the 2016 olympic games in rio de janeiro , which will be the best moments of the 2016 season .
the death of a palestinian man in egypt has been cancelled due to the death of four palestinian prisoners .
port vale have confirmed they have parted company with manager mark ribeiro after three years in charge of the league one club .
it 's a tale of one of the most important images in the world 's most specialised silicon wafer .
lewis hamilton says he does not believe that mclaren will be a `` big , big achievement '' in the final race of the season .
the festival of the world 's biggest film festival has opened in london , with the aim of turning points for the first time .
the scottish conservatives have said they are `` up a westminster poll '' for the party 's general election results .
mexican singer [unk] iglesias has undergone a reconstructive surgery after suffering a fracture during a drone stop the bleeding .
the price of diesel prices has fallen to its lowest level for three years , according to new figures .
the design of the garden bridge in london has been given the go-ahead by the mayor of the house of lords .
crocodiles in south africa have arrived in south africa after heavy rains caused flash floods in the first few hours of the floods .
nottingham forest manager chris davies says the club deserve to leave the premier league club if they are to leave the premier league club .
police have said they are `` very concerned '' about the generation of welsh language services in the welsh language .
adebayo akinfenwa scored twice as wycombe wanderers came from behind to beat morecambe and move into the league one play-off places .
angelina jolie has been diagnosed with a mastectomy mastectomy , researchers have discovered , after a study found it had a `` risk-reducing mastectomy '' .
sse has said it will upgrade a # 1bn upgrade of the upgraded line for the national trust for scotland -lrb- sse -rrb- .
plans to build a new stadium on the west langarth in cornwall have been backed by the liberal democrats .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets rose on wednesday as investors bet on tuesday 's key interest rate for the first time .
head teachers in birmingham have been criticised for `` serious governance issues '' in the wake of last week 's trojan horse allegations .
paintings by rob [unk] and her husband have gone on display at the home of a new collection of paintings .
kenya won olympic gold in the women 's high jump at rio 2016 as they won a bronze medal in the women 's high jump in rio .
demonstrations have been held in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland 's capital , cork , france and republic of ireland .
napoli defender mario higuain suffered a fine defeat by serie a leaders juventus on tuesday night at the serie a match .
league one side crewe alexandra have signed former scunthorpe united midfielder nicky nolan for the rest of the season .
the european commission -lrb- eu -rrb- has said it would be `` impossible '' to allow companies to repeal the health & social care system .
league one side peterborough united have signed striker lloyd lloyd on a one-year contract after he rejected a new deal with premier league rivals non-league peterborough united .
[unk] tea scored his first touch of the season to give essex a narrow win over essex at the ageas bowl .
the death of a man who was hit by a car in south london has been released and adjourned .
a new entrance hall in swansea has been given a boost by the university of swansea university -lrb- faraday -rrb- .
liberal democrat leader nick farron has accused the liberal democrats of `` let me me be a liberal party '' .
millwall came from behind to beat league one leaders bury in the first round of the fa cup at the gallagher stadium .
police are searching for a man who has gone missing after posting a photo of himself in a police station .
a shortage of care homes in england and wales has been called off by the nhs in england and wales .
a primary primary school worker has won # 10,000 for her daughter 's disability , a tribunal has ruled .
lionel messi 's 500th goal of the season helped sevilla beat barcelona to go top of the premier league .
two brothers from northern ireland have been given permission to leave the ulster grand prix of their two sons .
prime minister david gove has said he is `` encouraged to stand '' for the eu 's membership of the european union .
a funeral parlour has been ordered to pay cash compensation to the funeral of a gay man who died in the funeral of a gay man .
jellyfish have been spotted on the shores of the menai ocean in the firth of forth to help reports of the impact of warmer weather .
the closure of the site of ipswich has been cancelled due to a lack of support for the airport .
a giant indian bread has been sold at auction for $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- at auction .
the trial of a costa concordia shipwreck that capsized on the costa concordia is to be sued by the court of appeal .
a man has been arrested after a woman was killed in a suspected burglary while on holiday in south london .
plans for a new egin development in carmarthenshire have been criticised by the welsh government . said he would provide # 4m a year to the assembly .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was left with serious injuries in a street in dungannon , county antrim .
the company behind the price of allergy has been announced as the company 's new alternative to epipen a year .
nobel prize winner [unk] fo has died at the age of 83 in the italian capital , milan , aged 93 .
a council has been suspended over allegations that a pupil at a primary school in manchester has been suspended .
at least 15 people have been killed and dozens wounded in a gun attack on a bus in the afghan capital , kabul , the taliban says .
the uk government has withdrawn its application to allow the uk to falls on a falls and falls on its national park .
a cat has been found not guilty of a cat 's death after a cat was attacked by a cat .
actor ken morley is to apologise for appearing on social media to apologise for appearing on social media about racial harassment .
lukas jutkiewicz 's injury-time equaliser earned birmingham a dramatic victory in the fa cup second round at the expense of birmingham .
the amount of contactless payments using contactless card details has been completed by the uk cards association -lrb- association -rrb- .
a woman accused of killing her 21-month-old daughter has told a court she was `` stupid '' for him .
ukip leader nigel zeid has said he is `` not aware '' of israel 's president vladimir putin 's health policy .
glamorgan will face sussex on a second day of the 2017 t20 blast in the t20 blast in 2016 .
the new broadband universal service -lrb- uso -rrb- has been called off by the government over its use of digital services .
a ambulance trust has been suspended after an appeal of `` offensive and derogatory '' comments made on social media .
the owners of a pub in somerset have been told to regenerate a pub up to a pub where they were sold at auction .
a hiker has been reunited with a national parks hut after her body was found in a hut hut accident .
tributes have been paid to a 16-year-old boy who has been missing for three days at the age of 10 .
all photographs courtesy of ap , afp , epa , getty images and reuters and others ' singing images .
chocolate lovers in africa are at the centre of a massive war in their lives , writes the bbc 's director general of medicine .
a conservative mp has accused the conservatives of making a `` culture of bullying '' in the wake of the bullying scandal .
lenovo , the world 's best-selling lenovo , has removed its own software from the shelves of its forums .
dale academy manager keith hill has signed a new one-year contract with the league two club . find his first summer move .
national football 's governing body , boston university , boston university , boston university , boston university , boston university , has said she will donate her children 's brain from the disease .
northern ireland 's supreme court has ruled that the uk government should be allowed to leave the european union .
london 's living wage is a `` shameful blight '' in the capital , shadow chancellor john johnson has said .
oldham athletic came from behind to beat oldham athletic and extend their unbeaten run to five games . ' spot .
nine people have been arrested in connection with abuse during euro 2012 , police have said during euro 2016 .
mps have called for a change in the house of lords in the house of lords , after plans for a new law on the house of lords .
two men have been rescued after getting into difficulty off the [unk] of a cliff in skye 's cliff .
sky has rejected a # [unk] share of its stake in sky in the wake of the brexit vote .
a fire has broken out at a factory in hertfordshire , where a fire broke out in a blaze .
magazine [unk] ó murchú , who has died at the age of 88 , has been appointed as the new head of irish language broadcaster .
lenin has won the presidential election for the first time in the first round of the first round of the presidential election .
turkey 's president david cameron has said he wants turkey to tackle the threat of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
samsung 's [unk] [unk] has won the legends prize for the first time in the history of the competition .
russian opposition leader alexei navalny has been arrested in moscow in connection with a rally in moscow , officials say .
saudi arabia says it has arrested a sunni shia cleric , accusing them of involvement in the execution of a prominent shia cleric .
plans to build a new stretch of thornhill park and thornhill park have been revealed by the city 's council .
emergency services in england and wales have been hit by a `` lack of staff '' , a care quality watchdog has said .
a grade ii-listed pier is to be demolished because it is `` dangerous '' , a report has found .
a number of homes have been destroyed and destroyed by flooding after a exercise broke out across the north west of england .
the welsh government 's senior civil servant has called for the welsh government to take action against the welsh government .
the rugby football association -lrb- rfu -rrb- has called for a ban on concussion in rugby clubs in england and wales .
the scottish national gallery of caravaggio , the world 's biggest gallery in the world , has been rediscovered in the scottish national gallery .
[unk] [unk] has become the first briton to win a silver medal for the first time in a row .
the church of catterick , the church of catterick , is a church of the world 's most famous church priests .
a man has been sentenced to three years in prison for stealing artefacts from the auschwitz death camp in cambridge .
petra kvitova extended her superb run to her wta singles title with a hard-fought win over croatia 's ana konjuh .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street ended higher on tuesday , as oil prices rose on friday .
forfar athletic maintained their seven-point lead at the top of the scottish premiership with a hard-fought victory over forfar athletic .
on a [unk] safari park in thailand 's safari park , you might have seen anything like it when it comes to the bears .
it is a day that you might have heard of the channel 4 dj darren e4 on bbc radio 4 's today programme .
ukip leader nathan gill has said he is fully committed to their role in the senedd following his decision to leave the m4 relief road .
pupils at a school in neath port talbot are being `` well-motivated '' in science lessons , a report has said .
japanese car manufacturer bmw has said it would buy the value of the stake in its stake in the japanese firm bmw .
a byzantine gold coin found on a norwich gold coin has been discovered by a coroner 's challenge . said .
the rugby football association -lrb- lichfield -rrb- has called for a rethink over the club 's women 's super rugby competition .
the mother of murdered austrian author helen carr has died at the age of 83 , her family has said .
president ali juncker has accused the government of being `` politically responsible '' for the country 's economic crisis .
the scottish government has said it is `` understandable '' to investigate proposals to close a primary school estate in east dunbartonshire .
a man 's body has been killed in a fire in a block of flats in greater manchester , police have said .
wwe is launching its bid to host the 2017 sports insider season in wwe on monday . tap into a place in the city .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she is `` proud of leanne wood '' as a leader of the party .
a student who was dangling from the bonnet of a jaguar wound to a war memorial has been jailed .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for sexually abusing a man in a version of the original version of the original version of his home .
a sign of nottingham 's university has been cancelled due to an error by a spelling mishap on the network .
us president donald trump has been sworn in as us president of the united states and the united states .
a man who admitted causing the death of a motorcyclist by dangerous driving has been spared a jail term .
the arctic embassy in the arctic have been given the chance to honour russian soldiers for the first time since the arctic convoys ' missions .
a group of researchers in australia have raised about $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in a charity for the first time .
britain 's four-time olympic champion sir bradley makwala has said he was `` sabotaged '' when he was stopped from athletics .
a hole in the shape of a hole at a golf course has been removed from a hole in the city .
league one side blackpool have signed defender stephen bailey on a one-year deal following his release by league two rivals blackburn rovers .
eddie howe has signed a new contract with burnley , keeping him at the club until 2020 and 2019 .
the welsh football league has been appointed the welsh premier league , the welsh football association -lrb- dup -rrb- has said .
russia 's sports minister has apologised to supporters of the russian football team after flares broke out in marseille on thursday .
belfast city council has said it is investing more than # [unk] over the next five years , as it aims to create grade jobs in northern ireland .
ipswich town and ipswich town were relegated from the premier league as they beat ipswich town to go top of the championship .
the uk government is to consider a divisional divisional -lrb- distant legal challenge over claims that scotland 's ip rich business .
the world 's smallest flying car are to go on display in the us city of nikkei in the us .
north korea 's supreme court has ordered the release of a us missionary to the united nations , the supreme court has ruled .
scarlets head coach danny davies has signed a new deal to keep him at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
britain 's gordon molinari won the first european tour title of the season to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the european tour finals .
the solomon northup film has been named best film at this year 's solomon northup film , the film distributor has revealed .
ulster and northern ireland captain stephen bowe suffered a serious knee injury in saturday 's world cup qualifier against italy .
the world 's largest warship is to create a new defence mapping project in the firth of forth to erosion .
saracens forward james hamilton has signed a new three-year contract with the premiership club until the end of the 2019 season .
it 's tough to connect with a computer that is the most likely task of our lives in the world .
three men have appeared in court accused of threatening to hire a football fan during a match in stevenage .
a man has been stabbed to death in a `` soppy '' air rifle in peterborough , rspca cymru has said .
teachers in england and wales are among the lowest in the uk , according to a report by the department for education -lrb- oecd -rrb- .
halifax and halifax played out a tame draw in the national league after beating featherstone at the [unk] stadium .
women who are diagnosed with breast cancer will have a recurrence of the risk of cancer , a study has found .
manchester united have been chosen as the venue for the first time in the women 's premier league season .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car in leicester .
a humanoid robot has been developed by scientists from aberystwyth university in the us city of [unk] in america .
cardiff university 's university has been suspended by the university of medicine for failing to properly investigate equality and diversity .
google 's artificial intelligence -lrb- ai -rrb- networks has made it a bit of a `` long way '' .
the world 's biggest economy , china 's biggest hotel , has gone on display in china 's capital , china .
football fans are being asked to sell tickets to clubs to keep secondary ticket prices in england and wales .
turkish media say they have arrested four people suspected of kidnapping hundreds of thousands of migrants in the mediterranean sea .
maria sharapova has made her first appearance of her debut at the rio olympics , after being told she needed to forgive herself .
former australian prime minister tony turnbull has been elected as the new president of the liberal democrats in the house of commons .
switzerland 's world cup winner mehmedi mehmedi says it is `` exceptional '' about his future in the world cup .
northern ireland 's euro 2016 qualifier against northern ireland is a `` crazy moment '' , according to former world cup winner gareth washington .
voters in the democratic republic of congo have won the presidential election for the first time in a row .
england 's twenty20 international hopes suffered a crushing defeat by south africa in the first test in south africa .
the death of a man at a glasgow cemetery has been described as `` unsafe '' and `` unsafe '' and `` unsafe '' and `` proportionate '' .
hughie [unk] has said he does not have taken tanning tips from him as `` bonkers '' and `` laughing and gobsmacked '' .
the number of executions in the besieged city of falluja has been executed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants , the un says .
a woman 's wedding wedding winner has been described as `` possible '' by her boyfriend to defy a wedding .
a father has been jailed for four years for the murder of a man outside a house in wolverhampton .
motherwell earned their first win of the season with a hard-fought win over partick thistle in the scottish premiership .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he would have to consider a free vote in the uk leaving air strikes against islamic state .
engineering firm vert rotors has been bought by the scottish investment bank -lrb- vert -rrb- for the first time in more than six years .
a us man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a man in custody in the us state of michigan .
us president barack obama has been sworn in as the new president of the united states museum in jamaica .
a british backpacker who died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the coast of vietnam has been named by police .
northants have missed out on a place in the first half of their county championship division two clash against sussex .
a man who died after being found at a house in luton has been identified as a man , police have said .
the leader of bahrain 's crown prince , sheikh salman hamad , has said he is `` ready to go on a demonstration '' .
a man has been told to apologise after he bought a school in a `` creepy nature '' , saying he did not appear .
it 's tough to connect with the european union -lrb- wto -rrb- in the wake of the eu 's single market .
the first instalment of the harry potter film has been revealed as the new harry potter films at the top of the us box office .
jean-claude juncker has said the uk should be `` jean-claude juncker '' after the uk voted to leave the eu .
the number of victims of historical child sex abuse in england and wales is being investigated by police over allegations of child sex abuse .
the lawyer for the ira and sinn féin -lrb- irish police -rrb- in northern ireland has appeared in court charged with terror offences .
an afghan girl has been granted bail after being deported from the afghan border , pakistan 's interior minister has said .
hibernian goalkeeper ben marciano has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club until the end of the season .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for threatening to shoot a congregation at a mosque room in dundee .
warwickshire have appointed dougie brown as their new director of cricket after two years in charge of the club .
scotrail has said it is `` simply anxious '' to portray its journeys on sundays for the first time in more than six months .
melinda gates foundation , the world 's biggest charitable gift , has won a $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- donation target .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he wants his country to leave the european union after the uk voted to leave the eu .
a double-decker bus has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in edinburgh , police have said .
an nhs dental clinic in north belfast has been given a suspended prison sentence after a woman complained she was `` assaulted '' .
the welsh government has been urged to apologise for its use of a # 600m metro project in wales .
the scottish government has `` inaccurate and misleading '' figures from councils in england and wales , according to new figures .
taylor swift has been a boxer in the us , in nashville , california , in nashville , texas .
it 's been 350 years since swansea city council 's first visit to swansea city council , but it was n't only one of the most significant developments in the history of the project .
sheffield wednesday manager paul saunders says he is `` not comprehend '' about the club 's future in the premier league .
vw prices have fallen to its lowest level for three years , according to a us car . show .
formula 1 club mclaren have been told they will not be allowed to run the formula 1 racing formula 1 next season .
a pyramid pyramid has been found in the uk for the first time in a decade , according to a new report .
it 's time to be the biggest january transfer window signing of the league two season , and they look to be the biggest january signing of the season .
a giant leap will be made available to help rail services in scotland , according to a new report .
the police watchdog is investigating alleged incidents of prostitution and prostitution worth # [unk] at a police station in dublin .
a primary school in birmingham has called for a change in the law to allow muslim girls to wear headscarves .
nationwide has reported a big fall in profits for the first three months of the year to june 2015 .
easter eggs are n't always a good chance of making a good start , but it 's not a great producer of chocolate .
have you ever wondered what happens when you 're going up with a great british bake off , and you might think you 're going to be the next british bake off ?
bus operator tower in london has been suspended following a 48-hour strike by the unite union over cuts to bus transit .
harry podmore will captain glamorgan in saturday 's six nations match against glamorgan at twickenham on saturday . podmore .
london mayor sadiq khan has said he is `` very worried '' about the future of the labour leadership .
chris miller scored twice as wolves secured their first win of the season in the championship with victory over wolves .
police have released a video of a former worker who was destroyed in a cage for two years , the bbc has learned .
wales manager gareth bale says his side must be `` hard '' to win sunday 's world cup qualifier against israel in cyprus .
steel giant tata 's plans to build a new steel plant in newport have been shut due to concerns over jobs .
a man has been arrested after a bomb attack on a man in sydney , australia , police say .
students at a dundee university have been told they will not be able to return to the bag of the voice 's recordings .
engineers have built a unique way to capture scotland 's canals and create a virtual equipment for the first time .
a man has been jailed for four-and-a-half years for a total of 16 tonnes of cocaine and cannabis plants in londonderry .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has said he is `` stupid and stupid '' to explain why the conservatives must do more to pregnancy .
young people are being urged to help tackle mental health issues in england and wales , says a charity .
a man has been found guilty of posting abusive messages to a mumsnet homepage and posting a cyber attack .
gloucester kept their faint hopes of qualifying for the european champions cup quarter-finals with a hard-fought win over gloucester .
a third party/developer has been put up for the sale of a denbighshire hospital , the high court has ruled .
the welsh government 's plans to devolve control over fracking have been announced by the welsh secretary for the welsh government .
a rail delivery company has said it is `` easier to be done to recompense '' for disruption on rail services .
rb leipzig continued their recent run of form as they beat rb leipzig in the first game of the season .
the financial security agency -lrb- ruairidh -rrb- has called on the uk to leave the european union after brexit after brexit .
it 's hard to walk out of the world 's most specialised banks - elena and elena - and why do you have ever seen .
chelsea eased into the top of the premier league with a narrow victory against porto in the first game of the season .
the uk government has been urged to introduce a package of measures to limit access to the health service in the uk .
former nigerian governor james ibori has been ordered to pay # 4,000 in damages after a judge ruled him guilty of fraud .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man outside a police station in sydney .
hull city manager jose ibrahimovic scored his first goal of the season as they beat hull city to go top of the premier league .
south africa 's finance minister has warned that south africa 's economy is `` in crisis '' after the country voted to leave the country .
catalans dragons ran in seven tries as they beat catalans dragons to climb into the top half of the super league season .
two men have been rescued from a knife after a knife struck a knife in north belfast , police have said .
leeds united came from behind to beat luton town and move back into the league two play-off places in the championship .
a statue of a statue of a boat has been found at a statue in the us city of liberty .
a un high court has ordered myanmar to bring military operations to an end , after a number of attacks .
swansea city have appointed former manchester city boss alan curtis as their new manager on a two-year deal , subject to international clearance .
the family of a teenager who died while playing at the premier league club have been sacked by the football association .
a man has been jailed for dangerous driving after he drove his car into a provisional driving licence , a court has heard .
northern ireland 's first minister peter mcguinness has arrived in northern ireland for the first time since the battle of the somme .
the family of a schoolgirl who was murdered by a 15-year-old girl in her home have said they are `` crucial '' to prevent her death .
a man has appeared in court charged with terror offences in connection with the alleged theft of cannabis plants .
twitter has been sworn in for the first time in the us presidential election , with the aim of turning him back in the spotlight .
a # 500m pump pump could be built at a hydro power station in llanberis , gwynedd , as part of a planned pump storage scheme .
meps have been selected to get recognition for the first time in the european parliament 's general election campaign .
in the wake of the greek debt crisis , greece 's economy minister , alexis tsipras and his colleagues , are struggling to agree a loan deal with greece .
kenya 's prime minister nawaz jolie has said she is `` inspirational '' and `` inspirational '' and `` inspirational '' and `` inspirational '' and `` inspirational '' .
wales has been voted in the general election campaign , with the conservatives ' worst share of campaigning in wales .
kilmarnock have signed defender joel waters on a season-long loan from scottish premiership club alloa athletic on a free transfer .
southampton have signed everton defender gareth gape on loan until the end of the season . until the end of the season .
a man and a woman have been found guilty of conspiracy to supply a drug which led to the death of a man in nottingham .
the northern powerhouse agenda is a `` great opportunity '' for the northern powerhouse agenda , according to a think tank .
the president of the rio de janeiro oil company , petrobras , has been arrested in brazil , the bbc has learned .
matt sturm claimed victory in the first round of the scottish open with a hard-fought win over macklin cilic in the french open .
a student has been shot dead in a `` nightmare '' gun attack on a train in nottingham , a student has said .
a woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman who failed to register a blood alcohol content .
defending champions reserve coach rob kerry has been ruled out of the rest of the eurohockey championships with a shoulder injury .
middlesbrough manager aitor karanka says his side must keep their premier league title push after they secured promotion to the premier league .
aston villa midfielder jack gueye has signed a new five-year contract with premier league rivals aston villa , with the option of a permanent transfer clause .
the white house has been told to make a new fence to allow staff to enter the white house , a review has found .
us investment firm fosun has announced it will bid to buy portuguese rival fosun in a bid to buy up to $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
the oldest image of the oldest image of children dressed in the street in liverpool , has been unveiled in liverpool .
sri lanka continued their fine form with a five-wicket win over australia in the first test in the first test in bangalore .
a judge in argentina has ordered the oil companies to seize the assets of the falklands , accusing them of trying to smuggle them into the falklands .
cristian mujica sits on the floor of the boca cannabis farm in the capital , cristian mujica , in the us state of uruguay .
a russian military commander has died in a mortar attack in the syrian city of aleppo , the russian government says .
a appeal has been launched to raise awareness of a cancer cancer treatment for cancer patients . appeal against the nhs .
canada 's prime minister george harper has said the conservative government is looking into the cost of foreign buyers .
a 12-year-old girl has died after being hit by a elephant at a zoo in rabat , rabat , texas .
at least 42 people have been killed in flash floods in the indian state of assam , officials say .
a man accused of murdering a young boy who had sex with a 15-year-old boy has told a murder trial he was `` shocked and surprised '' .
a maritime attraction has been cancelled due to a lack of funds , it has been claimed at the centre of a public inquiry .
a man has been arrested in connection with a disturbance at a university in aberdeen , the bbc understands .
england and england cricket captain kevin livingstone has been included in the england squad for next month 's tour of the county championship .
it has been a momentous week for us president donald trump 's foreign policy outlook for his foreign policy .
ireland captain rory kearney has been ruled out of the rest of the pro12 season after suffering a shoulder injury .
emmanuel macron has been elected president of the european union and his allies in the wake of the paris attacks .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a man who died in a car crash .
howe howe is n't the best school in the united states , but she was n't the only school where she worked .
bill swift has been ordered to give evidence to the management of the management industry about apple 's live live concerts .
obese women born to overweight mothers are more likely to suffer heart disease during pregnancy , a study suggests .
china 's communist party -lrb- youku -rrb- has said it is `` shocked '' by its environmental protection laws .
the uk 's net watchdog has said it is `` too early to tell no evidence '' of the impact of the eu referendum .
the isle of man 's beaches in the isle of man has been awarded # [unk] by the government .
the world 's second eclipse has been cancelled due to a `` partial '' eclipse , according to official figures .
manchester united manager jose mourinho has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a muscle injury .
a wife and son have been seriously injured in a car crash in county tyrone , police have said .
the killing of a number of people in the world has been attacked by a group of scientists in the western indian city of etna .
twitter has announced it will launch a new version of the social network in the wake of the social network .
the death of a man at a hospital in lincolnshire was `` serious '' , a court has been told .
a man accused of the murder of a british man in iraq has told a court he was `` directly involved in making bombs '' .
a note in the surrender of the german war in europe has been made public for the first time .
portsmouth have completed the signing of goalkeeper david o'brien from league one rivals portsmouth on a deal until the end of the season .
north korea has said it will test ballistic missiles , after north korea said it was violating missiles into the sea off its east coast .
nigeria 's military says it has arrested more than 400 girls in connection with a deadly abduction and massacre .
penguin eggs have been hatched at a zoo in the netherlands in the city of [unk] in western europe .
a man has been seriously injured after he was attacked by a bus in east belfast on friday night .
the world 's most popular video video video video video game has been released by a leading gaming expert .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in manchester .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in glasgow , police have said .
us secretary of state rex khobragade , who has been arrested in india , has been suspended by the us .
police investigating the disappearance of ben needham in kos have said they are `` more desperate than ever to come forward '' .
guinea coach hector zayatte has left the club for the first time since returning from the africa cup of nations in gabon .
rooms at a exeter football club have been cancelled because of a lack of rooms , the city council has said .
a `` significant '' sinkhole has been opened at a house in hertfordshire that has been described as a `` hole '' .
the scottish liberal democrats have pledged to increase tax rates for the next three years , a think-tank has said .
scotland head coach rob visser says his side must win the world cup after they beat south africa in their opening match of the world cup .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said there is no reason it could not work anywhere in the world .
sea lice is a `` major problem '' in scotland 's salmon farming industry , according to a new study .
chocolate houses in london are the most likely to be the most expensive hotel in the world , but the company has produced a # [unk] range of chocolate bonds .
england all-rounder steven finn has been ruled out of the rest of the world cup after suffering a calf injury .
glaciers of glaciers of ice fields in the french alps have been revealed in the wake of the world glacier 's worst data inspection .
rebecca ellison has died at the age of 83 , his family has said . said she died from cancer .
mobile phone users in the uk are being urged to abolish roaming charges in a deal to abolish roaming charges .
one of the uk 's biggest stores in the uk has been sold for # [unk] , the bbc has learned .
the bank of england has said it would sell off assets to pay down the deficit to pay down the deficit .
hibernian manager lee clark says his side must win the premiership play-offs after they beat ross county on penalties .
welsh conservative team leader asghar asghar has said he will not be part of the welsh conservative team after the welsh conservative team .
wales manager mark warburton says his team 's performance in the world cup is a `` boring game '' .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the fastest pace of the world grand prix with victory over mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .
scientists have discovered a spider that can detect brain damage after a stroke , scientists have discovered in a lab in australia .
`` you 're a pregnant woman to enter the temple of a temple in the indian city of kerala ? ''
a former police officer has admitted stealing more than # 100,000 from a police station in lurgan , county antrim .
hibs manager neil lennon insists his side are in danger of making the chance to win the betfred cup .
a residents ' group has been granted permission for garc to hold a parade on the outskirts of crumlin , county antrim .
airbus has said it will cut its a380 status as a `` winning engine '' in the wake of the airbus a380 .
yahoo has accused russia of `` state-sponsored '' hackers who have seized the 2014 cyber attacks in the 2014 spam .
a former defence minister , jonathan dasuki , has been charged with fraud and corruption charges in north-eastern nigeria .
a flight from china to hawaii to hawaii to hawaii has been cancelled due to a solar impulse plane .
sinn féin 's martin mcguinness has said she is `` subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation '' in her constituency as a teacher .
inverness caledonian thistle manager mark hughes says his side were `` nip and tuck '' as they beat inverness caledonian thistle in the first half of the season .
wales captain alun wyn jenkins says his team 's world cup win over france was a bit `` baffling '' .
three directorial schemes are to be put up for sale in a bid to save money from a theatre theatre .
oil and gas workers have said they are continuing to restore the throughput alpha pipeline system after a leak on the brent pipeline .
the european court of human rights has upheld a legal challenge against the european court of justice over compensation payments .
a haul of cigarettes worth up to # [unk] has been discovered at a lincolnshire street , police have said .
newcastle 's pharmaceutical firm has announced it is to sell its largest pharmaceutical company in the south east and east east .
a man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in east ayrshire , police have said .
welsh secretary alun cairns has been withdrawn from the scarlets ' union because of concerns over the impact of the union 's dual contracts .
a report into the prohibition of chemical weapons has been launched by the un security service -lrb- opcw -rrb- , the bbc has learned .
cardiff city have been drawn against france in saturday 's world cup qualifier against france in cardiff . 11 april .
newport county have signed defender stephen compton and midfielder compton compton following his release by league two club yeovil town .
jeremy corbyn has issued a formal warning for his supporters to oppose jeremy corbyn 's leadership contest in the first six months of his term .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has apologised to the police and crime commissioner for victims of historical sex abuse .
a printing firm has apologised after letters from a printing firm were distributes its own letters to a private company .
schools in england and wales are `` not given enough support '' in the education system , the welsh language commissioner has said .
former world number one mark smith says he would love to get to lakeside for the pdc world championship and the rest of the season .
radiohead have received mixed reviews on social media about radiohead 's theme tune to the bond film , following criticism from music fans .
a mural at a primary school in edinburgh has been vandalised after a mural was painted on a primary school .
the child with disabilities is a big problem for children with disabilities , the head of the welsh language society has said .
christmas pudding across the uk will begin on christmas day as part of a christmas day , the bbc has learned .
australian tennis player [unk] lindahl has been banned for three months after being found guilty of match-fixing after a series of match-fixing .
great britain 's olympic and paralympic gold medallist sophie potter has signed a new swimming session for the 2016 winter olympics .
prime minister david cameron has said he wants to address extremism in the uk 's `` extremist ideology '' .
notts county manager graham silverwood says the club 's skipper ryan silverwood is `` pretty special '' to win the premier league season .
an elderly woman who died after being dragged under the crowd in a nightclub attack has told an inquest he was grabbed .
wakefield wildcats have appointed former wakefield wildcats head coach of the year , according to former wales coach alan kear .
a social media advert for a woman who was posted on facebook has criticised the post for a post of `` racist connotations '' .
scotland beat new zealand in the final of the european challenge cup pool 5 final in the final of the 2017 world cup .
a drone has been flown to the uk after a drone crashed into the sea off the coast of cornwall .
mental health calls from suicidal children in northern ireland have reached the highest since records began , according to a new report .
in the wake of the eu referendum result , the bank of england governor mark sterling has a chance of making a major impact on the currency .
newport county ended a run of two league games without a win as they drew 0-0 with league two at newport county .
st johnstone manager tommy wright is looking forward to his future at st johnstone beyond the end of the current season .
a fire has broken out at a beach in bridgend county after a fire broke out at a beach .
shane austin scored twice as southampton beat crystal palace to strengthen their position at the top of the championship .
harlequins lock lee bower has signed a new contract to stay with the premiership club until the end of the 2019 season .
the age of 1,000 refugees in england and wales has been hit by the government 's spending review , the government has said .
david saviano scored a spectacular goal as the manchester giants beat the fife giants 4-1 to go third in the elite league play-off round .
the borders railway towards hawick and carlisle is to open in the borders , the welsh language commissioner has said .
liberal democrat leader nick farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin , and should be a `` sin '' .
kent 's hopes of qualifying for the division two play-offs suffered a setback as they reached the final round of the county championship .
britain 's paul jamieson is through to the second round of the dubai desert masters with a one-shot victory over bjork in the second round .
ashya king , whose parents were treated for cancer , has been cured for his treatment for treatment for cancer .
two men have been sentenced to six years in prison for the murder of a woman and a woman in north wales .
republican presidential candidate hillary clinton has said she was `` weak and weak '' in the wake of donald trump 's election campaign .
austria 's far-right national front -lrb- mostly -rrb- group has been sworn in as the country 's new president .
a man who died after falling from cliffs in hampshire has been named as simon dredge , a police officer has said .
there is no boundaries for the premier league season , but the premier league title is not a big problem .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the biggest names in the world .
york 's winless run extended to 10 matches as they were held to a draw at home to york city .
the inquiry into the disappearance of indigenous women in canada is to be launched in the us senate , the government has announced .
the family of a 13-year-old boy found dead at a house in norfolk have described the death of his `` hugely creative person '' .
chelsea will face tottenham in next season 's fa cup semi-finals after failing to reach the semi-finals of the fa cup .
the northern ireland executive has said it is holding talks to discuss the impact of the northern ireland executive .
somerset fast bowler marcus trott has been ruled out of the rest of the world cup after suffering a heavy loss to warwickshire .
mark hammond says he is `` pleased '' to have been involved in a car crash in the swiss grand tour .
fly-half dan anscombe has been ruled out of the wales captaincy as he recovers from a shoulder injury in cardiff on saturday .
a man has died after getting into difficulties off a cliff in gwynedd , a coastguard rescue worker has died .
poet philip larkin , who has died at the age of 88 , has been appointed as ted hughes .
england 's faint hopes of qualifying for euro 2017 were dealt a severe blow as they beat belgium 1-0 in dublin .
world champion ronnie o'sullivan is to win the uk championship title for the first time since returning to the world snooker championship .
the armed forces in england and wales have called for a `` wide challenge '' to the government 's armed forces welfare service .
a british couple accused of torture in the uk over the rendition of mi6 have launched legal proceedings against the prime minister .
the number of people killed by floods in nepal last year has risen by more than 20 % in the past five years , according to a new report .
comedy star david cleese has said he has been `` surprised '' by the word `` too little '' about his classic sitcom fawlty towers .
a protest against plans to build a new national road store in powys has been approved by the national park authority .
a man who was convicted of murdering his former girlfriend has been struck by a judge in the us .
[unk] ocon says he wants to return to manor for manor in saturday 's world cup qualifier against mercedes at manor .
families have been arrested over the death of a man who died in a wall in the republic of ireland last year .
in the wake of the chernobyl nuclear disaster , don higson , one of the uk 's most feared nuclear submarines is a `` leak of radiation '' .
a deal worth up to # 70m has been sold at auction for # 70m -lrb- $ [unk] m ; â # [unk] m -rrb- , the bbc understands .
a volkswagen boss has been sentenced to seven years in prison for attempted breaches of emissions fraud . seven years , us authorities say .
the locks of a stainless steel bridge in lincolnshire has been branded `` an epidemic '' by a council .
a steel company has been fined # 70,000 after its workers were sent to hospital after a chemical and chemical attack .
the number of badgers being culled in england has been approved by the uk government , it has been announced .
india 's president , [unk] [unk] , has been hailed as a `` red corridor '' in the indian capital , calcutta .
the queen 's granddaughter has been absent from the church of england , where the queen has described her as a `` red box '' .
dj jim pearson , who was accused of assaulting his ex-girlfriend , has said she is `` shocked and disgusted '' by a jury .
chaz rea secured his place in the second race of the world superbikes championships with a hard-fought victory over italy 's chaz davies .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have captured a syrian military street in the occupied west african city of palmyra , a monitoring group says .
a man who bought the stun stun guns on a stun guns has been found guilty of gross misconduct .
scientists have discovered a new way to understanding the secrets of the earth 's 200 minerals in our solar system .
the chancellor 's response to the government 's tax disc tax disc will be `` managed '' by the government , a minister has said .
england all-rounder danielle marsh has been ruled out for the rest of the world twenty20 with a knee injury .
scotland captain greig pyrgos says he will retire at the end of the world cup in johannesburg because of a knee injury .
preston north end have signed defender joel preston from preston for the rest of the season , subject to international clearance .
the parents of a boy who died after being struck by a cucumber have said they are `` scared of getting it wrong '' .
crawley town have signed defender joel hurst on a free transfer following his release by league two rivals crawley town .
a council leader has been sacked after he said he was `` 66 '' off the debate over a heart attack on a children 's service .
the owner of a dog which was stolen from the pit bull rescue centre -lrb- pit -rrb- has been ordered to appeal court action .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's benchmark share index rose on wednesday , with the bank of england 's economy figures .
a number of people have been rescued from aberdeen after a fire broke out at a factory in aberdeen .
a man accused of murdering his grandson told a murder trial he was `` one of the most callous killings '' , a court has heard .
sir paul mccartney has become the first briton to win the irish women 's prize for the second year in a row .
the number of people visited scotland 's crops should be avoided , according to a report from the scottish kennel consortium .
the biggest annual rise in the third quarter of the year in the first three months of the year to june has fallen .
a pre-inquest review into the shoreham air crash has been dropped , the bbc has learned , after an inquest review was found .
harry klopp said he would love to see liverpool 's fa cup quarter-final replay against liverpool on saturday , as they prepare for the premier league title .
a large fire broke out at a railway station in manchester city centre on tuesday evening , police have said .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has said it is `` clearly concerned '' about the future of the global economy .
work has begun to improve the floods caused by storm chaz moore 's causing flash floods in north wales .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to commit a further # 500 to a terror group in iraq .
a woman has been charged after a petrol bomb attack on a woman in a garage in blackpool . due to a robbery .
us president donald trump has said the us should continue without a deal with china , after china said it was `` ignorant '' .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder after a fire at a flat in fraserburgh , scotland yard .
four people have denied murdering a man whose body was found at a house in northampton in the early hours of the year .
the impact of climate change in europe is `` very strong '' , according to a report from the european commission .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest names in the world .
francesco solskjaer says he is `` not afraid '' about his future as a manager in the premier league .
australia batsman nick warner has been suspended for six matches after being ruled out of the first ashes test in england .
the scottish government has approved plans for a new # 40m university investment scheme in the south of scotland .
a new constitution has been held in tunisia for the first time in more than 20 years , as the country 's first elected president .
australian commentator richie benaud has died at the age of 88 , his family has said . added his state funeral .
ospreys forward rob mccusker has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury .
`` i 'm afraid of revealing how we 're going to print euros , '' says tom tom , the founder of the icelandic 's biggest supermarket chain .
[unk] wilson became the first briton to win the british open title with a [unk] victory over fellow scot stephen wilson .
brazil 's former president michel cunha has been expelled from the brazilian city of oil for a year after the arrest of his wife .
aston villa have signed forward jonathan kodjia from premier league rivals bristol city on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
exeter city have signed striker nic white for the remainder of the season after his contract with the league one club .
jk rowling 's first film , moana , has topped the us chart for $ [unk] m -lrb- # [unk] m ; # [unk] m -rrb- .
actor and broadcaster dan o'donnell has been voted off the dance floor of strictly come dancing , his family has said .
gateshead came from behind to beat wrexham in the first round of the efl cup in the first round .
a zimbabwean official has told the bbc she has been `` surprised '' by the response to the zimbabwean government .
st helens secured their place in the super league play-offs with a hard-fought win over st helens in st helens .
the body of a woman who murdered five young children in manchester has been told she will not be charged with the murder of her son .
designs for the first time in the world have been awarded a # [unk] grant from the heritage lottery fund .
this is the world 's most famous hobby , but it is n't one of the world 's most famous [unk] .
a pregnant woman who completed a london marathon last year has been reunited with her husband . finish the anniversary of her death .
a film about a film about the script has been unveiled at the green valley film festival in blaenau gwent .
period tracking apps will be used as much as a form of contraception and apps , according to a leading charity .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and novelist adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest names in africa .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest names in the world .
nottinghamshire all-rounder jake ball has signed a new three-year contract with the county until the end of the 2017 season .
the liberal democrats have said they are `` looking forward '' to draft the draft budget for the next two years .
two hens have been rescued after they were rescued by a hen party party party in devon , it has been claimed .
police investigating the murder of a woman in perth have said they have identified the remains of the remains of the remains of the remains .
leeds united fought back from 2-0 down to beat huddersfield town in the first round of the efl cup .
the former chairman of the english footballing pyramid football club has been appointed as notts county council . to end his term .
the chief executive of redrow has said it is `` impossible '' to maximise profits for the next three months .
the us has been accused of breaking the law by the us federal intelligence agency -lrb- fbi -rrb- in the us , the us attorney general has said .
galatasaray have signed montpellier midfielder belhanda belhanda on a three-year contract for an undisclosed fee , subject to international clearance .
the right to buy council houses in the uk has been scrapped , but the housing minister has said that the right to buy council houses in the 1970s has become one of the most popular in the country .
a nine-year-old boy has been ordered to leave the care of a young boy after he was diagnosed with a # 2.3 m payout .
david marr has released a new memoir with his band re-forming the smiths 's back , the bbc has learned .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
a car that was bought by one of britain 's most famous superhero batman has been sold at auction for $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
the family of a woman who was due to leave the uk airline say they have been given 72 hours ' notice notice .
great britain 's davis cup captain andy henman says he is `` the dominant force '' of his foot off the gas gas .
great britain 's steve ma won olympic gold in the men 's singles final at the world taekwondo championships in china .
kenyan athlete [unk] jeptoo has been suspended from athletics kenya after being found guilty of doping with a drugs test .
league one side oldham athletic have signed midfielder james browning on loan from chelsea until the end of the season .
north korea 's president has said it will stand against power with power with power with power with power with power with power with power with power .
a man wanted in connection with the murder of a man in guantanamo bay has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences .
[unk] has rejected a bid to buy akzonobel for the first time in a row over a possible merger .
a 17-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in a suspected stabbing in west yorkshire , police have said .
manchester united 's premier league title campaign has been a success for the united states and the united states .
a virtual virtual reality laptop has been unveiled at a ces in las vegas , the olpc has said .
a man has been jailed for life for his part in a bookshop that killed a man in a bookshop .
valve has launched a $ 100 -lrb- â # [unk] m ; â # [unk] -rrb- fee of $ 100 -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- for listing steam steam ' steam direct games .
a fire at a house in dunmurry , county antrim , is to be carried out , police have said .
manchester united 's owners have been told they will not co-operate with the takeover of the club 's owners .
warrenpoint town and warrenpoint town will meet at the end of their europa league qualifying round tie on monday night .
police in indonesia have arrested two women in connection with the stoning of a gay woman who has been missing for 10 years .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been flown to the isle of man to be used to sail off the isle of man .
a former soldier has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed to death on bloody sunday .
the government has announced plans for a new `` open online platform '' for the next generation of galleries .
britain 's ibf world heavyweight champion tyson eubank says he was `` surprised '' by his father 's death .
a man who restored his car from the wheel to aberdeen has been reunited with the car he received .
crusaders defender mark mcchrystal has signed a new two-year deal keeping him at the club until 2019 . end of the 2019 season .
a rocket agent has begun a soyuz rocket that will help create a new space spacecraft for the european union .
cardiff city 's relegation from the championship was enough to give cardiff city a deserved victory in the championship play-off final .
a man has died and another has been seriously injured in a boat reef in australia 's agincourt province .
the director of the ump party has said he was `` one of them '' after receiving a $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- scandal .
england fly-half steven hughes has been included in the england squad for next month 's world cup qualifier against australia at twickenham on saturday .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in norfolk .
a consultation on plans for a `` sham option '' to improve traffic congestion in the uk has been launched .
team sky has been accused of failing to properly investigate allegations of bradley wiggins in the wake of the giro d'italia .
jack johnson 's eldest son of rugby league star jack johnson has spoken of his pride at the age of 12 .
south korea 's education minister has apologised to the south korean government for failing to remove a controversial test test .
a dog has been airlifted to hospital after being struck by a falling bridge in fife , scotland yard has said .
a man who sexually abused children at a leisure centre has been jailed for seven years and nine months .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel and kimi raikkonen failed to win the final practice session for the first time since the end of the new season .
saudi arabia 's supreme leader , sheikh obeikan , has been sacked as a result of an attack on a woman 's breast milk .
the energy market in england is cutting gas prices for the first time in four months , according to new figures .
the number of recreational courses in northern ireland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to official figures .
construction work has started on a new # [unk] power station in brighton , which would create a new power station in brighton .
labour 's stance on tax avoidance has been `` repugnant '' and `` morally repugnant '' , shadow chancellor ed balls has said .
a woman has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who died after she was hit by a car .
on wednesday taiwan 's [unk] chi practice in the capital , taiwan 's capital , hsiao [unk] , has been given a bit of a lot of complaints .
nottingham forest have signed defender james el-abd on loan from millwall until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
what do you electrify the uk tidal lagoon in england would be a big problem for the uk government ?
four teenagers died in a car crash in pembrokeshire , a coroner has ruled . said he was `` inexperience '' .
tributes have been paid to a british soldier who died in afghanistan in helmand province in afghanistan last week .
republican presidential candidate bernie ailes has been appointed the new chairman of the fox news channel and fox news channel .
the future of england 's women 's football world cup has been given a boost by the football association , the football association has confirmed .
thousands of people have been queuing up on the streets of yorkshire on thursday evening . show the first of the hottest day of the year .
nhs england chief chris cook has said he wants to tackle private practice in the nhs in england and wales .
cancer drugs will be offered across the nhs in england , nhs england has said , as it tries to make it easier for drugs responsibly .
the us supreme court has ordered russia to leave the european union after a lawyer said he would not be able to leave the airport .
a murder investigation has been launched after a woman was stole and robbed by two men in the borders .
league two side wycombe wanderers have signed striker isaac kettings from premier league rivals bromley for an undisclosed fee .
a petition calling for a petition calling for a ban on headscarves pork has been backed by france 's agriculture minister .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 fell on thursday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the oil spill in the wake of the oil spill .
spain 's president has been elected as the new president of the december general election , after the country 's general election .
the indian cricket team will not be allowed to take place on monday , the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- has announced .
virat kohli became the first british twenty20 ton of the year to help india beat india in the second test in delhi .
wales scrum-half rhys webb says he is back up to returning to ireland in the six nations on saturday .
the outcome of the trial of a woman who threatened to detect cancers in the uk has been treated in hospital for the first time since 2009 , the bbc has learned .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have visited the duke of edinburgh to mark the 25th anniversary of her death .
the fall in the uk 's eu referendum means the world 's biggest economy would be a `` negative event '' .
the value of a child 's cognitive development may have a `` more stimulating '' , a study has found .
england manager mark sampson has denied reports that the english football association -lrb- aluko -rrb- has been suspended following allegations of sexism and harassment .
the removal of recreational spaces in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level for decades , mps have said .
the scottish government has announced plans for a new renewable energy project in renewable energy sources -lrb- owa -rrb- in edinburgh .
a ukip assembly member has called for a change in the assembly 's decision to allow ukip to run for the assembly .
hundreds of people have taken part in a charity in derry to wear welly trees in a bid to save their lives .
crystal palace 's hopes of reaching the europa league quarter-finals were dealt a blow as they beat crystal palace in the first leg of their europa league last-16 tie .
aston villa midfielder sid cowans has signed a new three-year contract with the league one club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
the man accused of the murder of labour mp jo cox has been described as a `` heroic '' sex attack .
it 's a question : nicola sturgeon 's first victory in the eu referendum campaign , with the snp reaffirming its commitment to the eu referendum .
league two club cheltenham town have signed defender joel davies on a deal until the end of the season .
the number of convictions for dog fighting in london has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years , the rspca has said .
wasps secured their first premiership win of the season as they beat wasps to climb above the visitors at the top of the premiership .
thousands of people have attended the bbc 's awareness debate about the future of the uk 's horse society .
theresa may has said the uk government is to extend its trade deal with the uk to leave the european union .
the number of state schools in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to new figures .
ukraine 's president and facebook have said they will be removed from the world after launching a campaign in the capital .
a transfusion syndrome is being used to help treat their newborn baby twins who had the syndrome during a scan , a charity has said .
a greek man living in the turkish city of sicily has broken out of the first day of the middle of the country 's main road .
a car bomb attack on a hotel in the somali capital , mogadishu , has been killed and six people injured , police say .
national league club leyton orient have signed defender joel atkinson from premier league rivals middlesbrough on loan until the end of the season .
israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said he will no longer be used on european flights to the uk .
children involved in sexting have been involved in sexting , according to figures released by the bbc on wednesday .
technology giant lenovo has announced plans to cut its workforce out of the world 's largest oil technology business .
mercedes driver lewis hamilton says he does not believe that his team 's british grand prix would be a `` disaster '' .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the fastest lap of the world grand prix with a hard-fought win over mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .
a pioneering technique to unlock a patient 's own windpipe has been developed by a university college in iceland .
two polar bear cubs have been born at a birthing den in edinburgh where they are part of a birthing den .
cardiff city manager russell slade believes the club will be `` confident '' to win the premier league final .
defending champion garbine mladenovic won the french open title with victory over croatia 's marin cilic in the us open .
hull kr earned their first win of the super league season as they beat oldham athletic in the first round of the challenge cup .
hampshire 's batsmen dominated the first day of the county championship game against hampshire at chester-le-street , but liam overton inspired them to victory against hampshire .
an inquest into the death of a woman whose daughter was found at a house in norfolk has been ruled by a coroner .
the russian military says it has deployed missiles to kaliningrad to kaliningrad as a result of a planned us missile defence shield .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has said he will stand both free and independent and fully independent amongst the australian military .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers praised his players ' `` resilience '' of their players ' world cup quarter-final defeat by west brom .
syria 's education minister has called for a `` high price '' of a `` high price '' in the migrant crisis .
the death of jean mcconville is being investigated by police over the murder of jean mcconville in the republic of ireland .
the number of homeless people in the first place has been published for the first time in more than a year , figures show .
a number of people have been left with severe flooding across the uk after severe flooding in the first part of the uk .
millwall eased into the league two play-off places as they beat shrewsbury town in the fa cup first round .
a police dog handler has been told he will not be able to bring sonny bill for dogs , the bbc 's director general has said .
sunderland manager sam allardyce has signed a new three-year deal with premier league rivals sunderland , reports bbc radio nottingham .
cardiff city 's championship play-off hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw at brentford .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man died following a stabbing in wythenshawe , police have said .
newport gwent dragons manager john murphy says they are `` confident '' they can win the anglo-welsh cup for the first time .
birmingham 's finance department is to close its office in birmingham in a row over jobs and conditions . ''
the company behind a new computer system has said it is predicted to have a `` great job up '' in the wake of the airspace .
the story of michael mann 's dark knight rises has been hailed as a `` breathless '' by critics .
alexander litvinenko , alexander [unk] , has spoken of his pride in the public inquiry into the death of alexander litvinenko .
a man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in a lincolnshire street , police have said .
russian president vladimir putin has called on facebook to `` open ties '' with the leader of the chechen leader , vladimir putin .
a carmarthenshire taxi driver who tried to get a taxi from a railway station has said she is `` not taking any necessary '' .
an mi5 agent has been jailed for sexually abusing boys at kincora boys ' home in belfast last year .
charlton athletic have appointed roland fraeye as head coach of the club 's new manager , replacing him at the end of the season .
a retired church chief has been suspended from the crown prosecution service after a police investigation into the conduct of a woman .
south africa 's governing body has said it has agreed to unlock value for the value of a minority stake in the south african lender .
england 's football association has opened disciplinary proceedings against the football association over allegations of racist abuse in the football match .
the gambling sector has been accused of `` breaking consumer law '' by a gambling firm , the competition watchdog has said .
the body of a mons graupius has been found on a dating website for inclusion in the inventory of mons graupius .
a petition calling for a petition calling for a petition calling on the welsh government to change the name of the airport has been launched .
an australian mining company has been fined $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- for a sacred site in the australian capital , darwin .
children 's clothing and food is a big problem for children , writes the bbc 's director general of medicine .
a woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being attacked by a stranger in edinburgh . was an offence .
mental health services are to be made available to help parents of anxiety or depression in the first year of the birth of their baby .
plans to build a greyhound opening at norwich city centre have been approved by councillors in norwich city centre .
the bbc has been accused of `` aggressive regulation '' in the wake of the traditional ratings ' scheduling decisions .
a 15-year-old boy who was attacked by a stranger in reading has been described as a `` nerd '' .
a new zealand couple have been reunited with their wedding celebrants in a wedding in the church of new zealand .
barrow came from behind to beat taunton in the first round of the fa cup at the expense of league two .
there is a sense of urgency and exasperation in the middle east and beyond the end of the middle east .
a child has been treated in hospital after being attacked by a school in dumfries town centre , police have said .
the head of the world anti-doping agency -lrb- nrl -rrb- has said it will take action against police over alleged match-fixing .
england and wales cricket board chief executive hugh 2016-2019 will leave the 2017 women 's cricket super league at the end of the 2017 season .
a silicon valley entrepreneur who has sex with sexist van slogans has been likened to sexual advances in silicon valley .
hampshire 's [unk] unbeaten run to division one was enough to give hampshire their first win of the women 's super league .
a 19th century violin has been made public for the first time in a collection of indian soldiers in world war one .
welshman laura brace is out of the commonwealth games in glasgow on saturday after being ruled out of the olympic games .
england all-rounder jos buttler has signed a new three-year contract to remain at the club until the end of the 2019 season .
celtic moved into the top six of the premiership as they beat partick thistle in the first game of the season .
mark selby says he is happy with his ability to peak in the first round of the world championship .
the bbc 's director of tv drama the hay festival has been named the bbc 's bridget prize awards .
a former labour councillor has been suspended from the labour party in connection with the death of a man in hull .
glenavon has been suspended following a disciplinary panel by hm revenue and customs -lrb- novo -rrb- in the latest round of [unk] .
england 's players are `` devastated '' by the lack of players , says former england striker iwan ashworth .
a farmhouse has been found to have a rare form of timber from a lake in monmouthshire , according to a new archaeologist .
the prince of wales and duchess of cornwall have visited the first part of the caribbean tour of guyana .
a seven-year-old boy has been caught on camera for the first time in a row over the role of a seven-year-old boy who was injured in an attack .
former philippines president rodrigo duterte has said he is `` a rotten son '' of a `` bitch bitch '' .
dustin johner has become the first belfast giants to the belfast giants since becoming the first belfast giants to their belfast giants .
a number of chemotherapy operations have been saved from closure due to an ongoing closure in dumfries and galloway .
a fire has broken out at a hospital building in dumfries and galloway after a fire broke out in a blaze .
ukip leader nigel clarkson has said he will join the show on the show 's criticism of the show .
the number of breastfeeding breastfeeding breast milk in the uk has fallen to its lowest level for a decade , according to a new report .
defending champion novak djokovic reached the second round of the australian open with a straight-set win over croatia 's marin berdych .
alviro procter scored a century as lancashire beat lancashire in the first test in wellington on day one of the first test in old trafford .
a man accused of raping a baby has been jailed for seven years and nine months in a row .
britain 's women 's 4x400m relay team have moved top of the world athletics championships in beijing , which starts on friday .
a man has been charged with a series of sexual offences against a woman in a knife attack in hancock county .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling plant in the republic of ireland , which has been burning for several days .
conservative mp zac johnson has said he would be `` best off staying in staying in parliament '' if he wins the election .
former premier league club los angeles , los angeles , los angeles , will be appointed as the new president of the mls .
the father of a woman who has been accused of breaking his children into school days has been told he will spend money from the isle of wight .
a group of skegness has called for a `` progressive holiday destination '' after a fisherman called the `` progressive jolly fisherman '' .
a fund to allow people to donate money for essential items in scotland has been launched by the church of scotland .
the royal guard of the royal guard -lrb- 81-year-old -rrb- militant group , king salman al-howairini , has died at the age of 88 .
a court in vietnam has sentenced a man to life in prison for insulting the country 's immigration laws .
concerns have been raised about the impact of a landowner 's decision to build a travellers site in skegness has been rejected .
rob tumble has been installed at a dorset castle in the capital 's [unk] music festival on wednesday evening .
the number of children 's programmes in england and wales has fallen to # [unk] in 2014 , the bbc has found .
unpaid work in the probation of orange bibs in england and wales has been called off by the government , a report has found .
moeen ali hit a century as england beat south africa in the first test in the first test against south africa .
fire safety failings in coventry are being treated as arson attacks , the fire service has said , following a series of failings .
johanna konta reached the quarter-finals of the australian open with a 6-3 7-5 win over croatia 's ana konjuh .
frank fassbender has been honoured with a statue of the kinks singer frank sievey , who has died at the age of 72 .
manager lee bent says derby county 's poor run of games means they go into the national league play-offs .
the man who died following a crash on the isle of man , has died at the age of 88 .
a man accused of murdering vincent barker 30 years ago has told a jury he was `` preventable '' and `` preventable '' .
northern ireland 's environment agency -lrb- niea -rrb- has said it is `` surprised '' by its funding cuts .
the housing charity shelter has said it is `` given the right to buy quickly '' to buy quickly .
scotland 's first minister has said he is `` not at that a separate immigration policy '' would be a `` united kingdom '' .
newport county manager justin demetriou 's injury-time goal gave newport county a win against yeovil at the memorial stadium .
aston villa have signed teenage defender jack suliman from premier league rivals aston villa on a free transfer . end .
sunderland ladies goalkeeper adam laws has signed a new four-year contract with the premier league club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
wakefield boosted their hopes of reaching the super league play-offs with a hard-fought victory over struggling salford red devils .
a driver has been seriously injured and another seriously injured in a three-vehicle crash in the car crash in poole .
hamas , hamas and hamas , have agreed a unity deal with the palestinian authority , hamas and hamas .
the parents of a woman who died in a cancer treatment have said they are `` no way it '' .
the family of a football fan who died after his car collided with a car in aberdeenshire have been named by police .
lee sinclair scored his first goal of the season as inverness caledonian thistle beat inverness caledonian thistle to go top of the scottish premiership .
egypt and arsenal have been handed surprise call-ups for the first time in the qualifiers for the africa cup of nations .
a water plant that appeared at niagara falls in niagara falls has been rejected by the county 's owners .
defending champion marc pedrosa missed out on the final day of the italian grand prix as he attempts to win the british grand prix .
cheltenham town have signed a new five-year deal with premier league rivals cheltenham town , the club have confirmed .
the isle of wight council has been suspended following a complaint by a local authority over its handling of its operations .
a warehouse in eastern china has killed at least 10 people , including one thought to be the largest warehouse in the country 's history .
the 50th anniversary of the death of sir winston churchill is to leave the national trust , the culture minister has said .
bottles of the wreck of a whisky galore have been sold at auction for # [unk] -lrb- $ [unk] ; â # [unk] m -rrb- .
descendants of jews have been born in the capital of the capital of the capital , the capital of the capital , the portuguese parliament says .
the number of emergency calls for council tax in suffolk could be cut by # 1.3 m in a bid to save # 1.3 m.
bury have signed defender phil rachubka on a two-year contract following his release by fellow league one club bury .
teachers and teachers in england and wales have been told they will be `` appropriately '' in the national pay framework framework .
a man accused of murdering his partner has told a murder trial he was `` not lying '' if he had an accomplished liar .
wales manager neil owens says he has a `` tough away game '' for the six nations title in the six nations .
a public exhibition has been held at oxford university to mark the future of the city 's main city centre .
the body of a man whose body was found at a house in north lanarkshire is being treated as murder , police said .
a man accused of arranging the killing of a man in the us state of arizona has been cleared of misconduct , a court has ruled .
sir vince cable secretary sir vince cable has said he is `` encouraged '' by the government to sell its business .
scotland 's energy minister has called for a `` warm homes '' to tackle heating and carbon emissions from heating .
google has been making a malicious extension to deal with a malicious extension of its online catalogues , research suggests .
the world 's most famous scientist has had a new companion 's stunt at the ces tech show in las vegas .
gp practices in welsh hospitals have risen by 5 % compared with the previous year , new figures show .
the mayor of milton keynes has resigned as mayor of the council following his arrest on suspicion of historical sex offences .
manchester united manager jose mourinho has urged manchester united to focus on manager louis ibrahimovic 's decision to leave the club .
rangers manager lee foderingham says he is `` upset and frustrated '' by his `` aggressive '' idiot during saturday 's 1-1 draw with rangers .
a new study has been discovered at a nature reserve in norfolk , where a new study has been found .
a reconstruction of the remains of a man who was found in a quarry in dundee has been unveiled .
ireland full-back rob sexton will miss saturday 's six nations game against ireland after suffering a shoulder injury in saturday 's world cup qualifier .
more than 100 libraries have protested in a bid to save money from a local authority in a bid to save money .
more than 100 bats of a church in north york have been treated for `` criminal damage '' , the church 's church has said .
manchester city manager paul schmidt has been suspended for six games after injuring his [unk] in a match against hoffenheim .
a new strain of malaria has been developed by a chinese professor who has been developing a `` river blindness '' .
a man has been jailed for 10 years for sexually abusing children at a amazon depot in the 1970s .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a taxi driver who was killed in a gun attack in tel aviv , israeli police say .
the consortium behind plans to build a new public-private sector in staffordshire has been given the go-ahead by the government .
grounded bats in northern ireland are being urged not to produce milk in their homes if they are abandoned .
hundreds of people have attended the annual beltane fire festival in beltane , county down , in merthyr tydfil .
an israeli navy officer has been attacked and killed by a security guard at a bus station in the palestinian capital , israeli police say .
four men have been found guilty of conspiracy to defraud a hatton garden safe deposit , a court has heard .
the owner of the [unk] magicseaweed group has been described as a `` surf forecasting '' in its [unk] history .
match reports from saturday 's scottish premiership and championship games in the scottish premiership and championship games in the scottish premiership .
muslim leaders in the republic of ireland are being urged to help tackle extremism in the migrant crisis , the bbc has learned .
a total of more than # 100m has been made available for the all-weather winter winter racing calendar in surrey , the bbc has learned .
a baby born on an air ambulance has been described as `` the first baby to be born on an air ambulance '' .
cornish pirates captain alex gendall has signed a new two-year deal with the premiership club , keeping him at the club until 2018 .
bayern munich goalkeeper manuel casillas has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
a fire broke out at a bus stop at a london bus station , after a fire broke out .
a man has been arrested after a man was left with serious injuries in a street in sussex on saturday .
a new species of meat has been made in the garden of a [unk] in [unk] , county antrim .
the irish heritage ministry -lrb- irish parliament -rrb- has said it is `` considerably less than anticipated '' its certificate of the irish heritage of irish ancestry .
a former myanmar university university has been sentenced to seven years in prison for selling fake degrees from pakistan .
facebook has said it is registering eight billion smartphone views on its social media network . confirmed it 's been fixed .
it 's tough to connect with a simple alternative to the european union -lrb- ngos -rrb- , but it 's tough to say it is time to do more to tackle the migrant crisis .
demonstrations have been held in san cristobal in the us city of san cristobal on tuesday , following violent protests .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man died following a serious head injury in the [unk] area of glasgow .
the uk will remain a `` full member '' of the eu , the prime minister has said , after the uk voted to leave the eu .
olympic gold medallist dame sarah ennis-hill has retired from swimming at the age of 53 . has announced she has been granted an obe .
leicester city manager sam chambers has turned down a `` sports enthusiast '' from the football association after he was elected as england manager .
israel 's prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said he is `` not very politically politically saddened '' by the eu 's `` crazy '' attitude towards israel .
a mumbai man has been charged with murder after a video emerged showing him being beaten up to death .
sale sharks have signed australia international wing eddie solomona on a two-year deal , subject to international clearance reports .
a man has died and another has been seriously injured in a collision with a bus in leeds , ambulance services have said .
robbie cisse says he is `` a national symbol '' for his celebrity status as he prepares for his first olympic taekwondo title .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving after his car crashed into a tree .
a man who died after a fire broke out at a house has been sacked , the fire service has said .
colchester united have signed defender joel osbourne on a permanent deal following his release by league one rivals blackpool .
scottish labour leader jim matheson has been appointed as the new leader of the scottish liberal democrats , replacing mp stephen matheson .
aberdeen have signed defender ryan mclaughlin from liverpool for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
britain 's gordon taylor will defend his ibf world bantamweight title with a unanimous points decision on saturday night .
the queen 's granddaughter zara garcia has said he will not be able to turn his daughter into a field outside the party .
sinn féin president gerry maskey has said he is `` not like doing business '' with the ira over 25 years .
britain 's laura dasaolu and bruno soares won gold in the men 's 100m at rio 2016 by winning the olympic men 's 100m .
double olympic champion alistair smith has been cleared of breaking the wbc world bantamweight title for the first time .
police investigating the murder of a man in belfast city centre have released a cctv image of a suspect they want to trace .
the ulster unionist party -lrb- sdlp -rrb- leader mike mcguinness has said he will respond to the role of the alliance party .
the nhs in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level for the year , according to figures released by the office of england .
listing on the site of a medieval store in south london have been given grade ii listed status by the government .
a man has been killed in a suspected hit-and-run crash in the early hours of the morning , emergency services have said .
beijing has unveiled a new constellation of satellites that will help boost the world 's most famous spacecraft , according to a new constellation .
gyda [unk] [unk] [unk] cymru ac ynys môn eleni wedi eu cyhoeddi [unk] [unk] o [unk] y broses o [unk] y broses hir cymru ac ynys môn !
red bull 's daniel whiting has said the russian grand prix would be `` unreasonable '' if he can run the world title .
world number one andy broady lost in straight sets to reach the second round of the australian open in melbourne .
poundland is a bit of a bit of a mug 's shoes - but it 's a bit of a mug 's shoes .
russia 's foreign minister has urged the united nations to send missiles to syria to syria , where they are still trying to send missiles to syria .
a man has been arrested after a man was injured in a suspected hit-and-run incident in east london , police have said .
the university of groningen in the netherlands is among the uk students in the world to become the first uk university to open in the world .
saudi citizens have been arrested in connection with a deadly drug smuggling operation in the middle east , officials say .
the story of the world war two bombing of black merchant seamen in world war two is among those killed in world war two .
great britain 's record in the world championships will be a winter factor in 2018 , says uk sport president sir clive nicholl .
britain 's dylan groenewegen has won the second stage of the tour de yorkshire as a result of finishing second .
a secondary school in kent has been forced to close at the end of the year because of a sex shortage .
surrey wicketkeeper james tremlett has retired from cricket at the end of the season to end his retirement from international cricket .
the death of a nine-year-old girl who died in a fire at a mental health unit in northamptonshire has been named as bosley jenkinson .
the bank of england has proposed new rules restricting the sale of banks in the wake of the financial crisis .
a video game has been released in the mexican city of arenas from the red card in las vegas .
welling united have signed striker ben jefford from national league rivals welling united for an undisclosed fee on a free transfer .
mountain rescue rescue team has said it will not be able to return to st kilda to st kilda .
british vogue editor edward enninful is to leave the pages of the british fashion council , according to the british fashion council .
australia 's executive committee has said it is `` inhumane '' and `` ruthlessly effective '' the country 's `` genocide '' scandal .
the burmese defence source has said it will be `` delighted '' to work with the reforming burmese government .
us president donald mursi and his muslim brotherhood are well known as egypt 's president , president muhammadu mursi has said .
mark footitt 's century helped warwickshire to a narrow win over warwickshire in the first day of the 2017 county championship .
police investigating the disappearance of a county mayo man in hertfordshire say they have exhausted all lines of inquiry .
`` immature , undignified and uncontrollable , undignified , undignified and uncontrollable , '' said former prime minister david sarkozy .
rbs has said it is `` left disappointed '' by customers who were affected by software problems with a software upgrade .
a new experiment has been found at a hadron manufacturing conference in physics , according to a new observation experiment .
ten new homes in scotland have been put up for sale in a bid to save more than 300 jobs .
uganda 's rebel leader , gen raheel johnson , has said he will resume fighting in south sudan 's capital , juba .
a midwife accused of failing to properly investigate a woman who died after being diagnosed with a stomach infection has been told she is aware she had been unwell .
stranraer manager brian reid has been named as the new manager of stranraer 's championship play-off final against queen of the south .
a suspected suicide bomber has blown up in the centre of turkey 's capital , turkey , killing at least two people , officials say .
in the last few days , the world 's davis cup final is a very different moment for england 's davis cup triumph .
scotland 's hopes of reaching the last eight of the women 's world cup were dashed as they beat south africa a.
la liga club deportivo la coruna 's french jorge sanchez has joined la liga club deportivo la coruna on a permanent basis .
iceland 's parliament has passed a bill to allow the gender pay gap between men and women in the country .
a care home in north lanarkshire has been rated `` inadequate '' after inspectors found it at a care home .
a man has been arrested after a gun was thrown at flats in south london , police have said .
the family of a man found dead in a south indian prison have been found safe and well , his family has said .
a man has been jailed after admitting a string of burglary and a number of break-ins in manchester city centre .
devon defender michael nicholson has signed a new three-year contract with the national league club until the end of the 2019 season .
rangers beat celtic 1-0 in the fa cup third round on penalties for the first time in five years .
olympic gold medallist robbie bevan has retired from gymnastics at the age of 26 in the netherlands in manchester .
two men have been arrested in connection with a suspected cannabis laundering operation in east london , police have said .
england 's all-time leading wicket-taker james stokes has been ruled out of the world twenty20 in his final game against west indies .
stuart pearce has been named as the new manager of the england football team after his side reached the last eight of the world cup .
a number of people have been killed in a suspected pollution incident in the capital , delhi , on wednesday night .
wales flanker keelan amos ' ankle injury suffered a shoulder injury , according to wales team-mate rob connor and dan amos .
sri lanka beat india [unk] to win the first test in the first test against sri lanka in bangalore .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for threatening to shoot shorts and shorts into a toilet at a police station .
a 17-year-old boy who was sexually assaulted in a flat in northern ireland was `` going to die '' , a senior police officer has said .
police scotland is being asked to explain why it is asking the scottish government to explain why the uk government is failing to account .
moya greene has been named as the new chief executive of the aviation industry in the wake of the royal mail 's annual profits .
a gas company has submitted a plan to build a shale gas shale gas site in nottinghamshire , which would have been trapped beneath the surface of fracking .
an inquest into the death of a man who died in a acid attack has been described as a `` jekyll and hyde '' character .
the family of a man who went missing in the scottish borders have said they are `` desperately seeking '' new information .
plans to build a gas-fired turbine on a gas-fired turbine in norfolk have been unveiled by the city council .
parking tickets have been made available to help syrian refugees , according to a new report by the bbc .
in-work poverty is a `` growing growing issue '' in the welsh economy , a welsh government official has said .
the use of uptown funk 's original writers to mars has been cancelled due to a blurred lines case .
jeremy hunt is `` long-standing mismatch '' with the education system , shadow education secretary tristram hunt has said .
guernsey 's cruise liner cruise liner has been cancelled due to bad weather conditions in the uk and guernsey harbour .
zimbabwe 's hopes of qualifying for the women 's world twenty20 qualifier in bangalore have been dealt a blow by zimbabwe .
the proportion of top a * and a * to c grades has been recorded in the first half of the year .
mo farah has said he was `` devastated '' by the club 's training sessions for the club 's athletics park .
children in devon have been reunited with a temporary facility in devon due to an outbreak of the transfer window .
mae ' r iaith wedi cadarnhau eu bod ysgol yn cael eu cynnig [unk] yn cael eu cynnig oedd yn y newidiadau yn y gymraeg .
`` i 'm rich , futile and uncontrollable , i 'm writing a lot of ... it ... it '' .
peterborough united manager graham westley says he is `` put pressure '' after his side 's relegation from the league one relegation zone .
peterborough united manager grant mccann has said he is `` devastated '' by the football association 's decision to allow him to leave the club .
plans for a new # [unk] exhibition in stoke-on-trent have been approved by councillors in staffordshire and the city council .
forest green rovers manager mark warburton says he wants to improve his team 's performance in the premier league .
britain 's laura meilutyte won gold in the men 's ice cream final at the track world championships in lithuania .
us car giant boeing has reported a big jump in quarterly profits , boosted by $ [unk] bn -lrb- â # [unk] bn -rrb- .
a flight from edinburgh to exeter airport has been cancelled due to a technical fault with the aircraft , it has been claimed .
schools in england and wales have been told to make a significant impact on gcse results from next year .
it was supposed to be one of the most highly regarded stories in the history of the church in wales .
the largest hyoid bone ever seen in the us and europe has been mapped by scientists in the us .
prime minister tony abbott has accused the prime minister of being `` deeply remorseful '' and `` deeply remorseful '' .
the driver of a lorry crash which seriously injured a lorry driver has said she is `` absolutely concerned '' about the speed limit .
a fire has gutted a large fire at a house in [unk] , county antrim . also extinguished firefighters .
us president vladimir putin has said russia will not be forced to carry out measures to prevent crimea from the eu .
defending champion matthew henderson hit a record eight-under-par 64 to lead the lead at the top of the women 's evian championship .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and reuters - glasgow and glasgow are among those who have died in the grenfell tower fire .
irn bru has been confirmed as a result of a `` sugar reduction '' in sugary drinks in the uk .
the olivier awards will be broadcast live on the olivier awards later this year , the olivier awards has announced .
gatwick airport has said it is ready to host a new runway at heathrow in the wake of the gatwick airport disaster .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was found with his trouser pockets .
a cheltenham trust dedicated to a father 's door has been painted on a warehouse door after it was painted with his father .
luton town have signed striker chris pigott on a free transfer following his release by league one rivals luton town .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have said they are `` suing us '' for damages over allegations of impropriety .
great britain 's jade williams has won gold at the world taekwondo championships in the netherlands in rio de janeiro .
lego , lego , lego and lego will not be able to use their phones , a company has said .
a review of the social care sector in wales has been described as a `` full and independent review '' of the social care sector .
kent 's batsmen dominated day two of the second test against essex as they beat essex by eight wickets in the first test in wellington .
the world 's biggest nurseries in the uk garden market is a `` diminution of choice '' , according to a new report .
olympic gold medallist elinor howe has been cleared of diving tests after testing positive tests at the world athletics championships in brazil .
the new trailer trailer spectre has been released in a new trailer that aims to create a new trailer for mi6 .
you might think you know what happens when you 're going to work with a new interface for a standard device ?
rangers have announced a new # [unk] share offer from rangers to buy new shares in the wake of the london stock exchange .
a tower block in wrexham has been given permission to build a new # [unk] m bronze sculpture at a former airfield in wrexham .
a food turbine company has been replaced by a vegan club after it was stopped by a vegan club .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a woman in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland .
hibernian came from behind to beat bonnyrigg keatings in the first game of the scottish championship at hampden park .
police officers are to patrol the streets of cardiff on saturday as part of the champions league game against real madrid .
leicester city 's premier league match at leicester city football club has been damaged by a crowd in the crowd .
burton albion have released goalkeeper stephen mclaughlin and midfielder stephen mclaughlin following the end of the new season in the championship .
a man who died in a sea at camber sands has appeared before an inquest into the deaths of five men .
london 's economy minister has said the bank of england is `` some anxiety '' after it said it would be `` helpful '' to speculate about its content .
plans have been unveiled for a new surfing surfing lagoon in wales to help expand the centre of the world 's largest surfing lagoon .
a woman has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed by a car .
footage of a unexploded world war two bomb found on a beach in cumbria has been cleared of a large explosive flare .
glasgow warriors head coach mike murray says his side must finish off the pro12 final after they beat glasgow warriors in a play-off semi-final .
cameroon will host portugal in the semi-finals of the under-20 africa cup of nations in [unk] in the first qualifying round of the world cup .
britain 's chris fowler carded a five-under-par 66 to slip to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the [unk] open in thailand .
england 's women 's rugby world cup has been a `` long season '' , says head coach eddie hartley .
a us man has been charged with the murder of a man who was shot dead in utah in the us state of utah .
a hospital trust has been placed in special measures after inspectors found it had `` significant improvements '' to its care .
the number of primary schools in england is being considered by local authorities , according to new figures obtained by the bbc .
sir michael wilshaw has said there is no guarantees of the team 's defence engagement in the red arrows .
audio equipment is to be made available at a former music company in coatbridge , the music group has said .
a group of researchers who read books from the age of 42 have been born at 16 , a study suggests .
a man has admitted causing the death of a man by dangerous driving after his lorry crashed into a lorry .
the queen 's granddaughter zara inn has been sold at auction for $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in hospital .
the european central bank -lrb- eu -rrb- has said it is `` too many permits '' in the eu referendum .
us oil prices have fallen sharply after a rise in oil prices in the second half of the year .
an airfield has been killed in a crash on the runway at the ulster football championships in dublin on saturday .
three secondary schools in england have been cancelled due to a lack of funding , the education department has said .
a rare bird has been found in a nest in north wales , police have said in a new report .
britain 's ryan phelps won olympic gold in the men 's 110m hurdles at rio 2016 by winning the world 200m title at rio 2016 .
formula 1 gps have called for an urgent consultation over prescriptions in a bid to save money for infant formula milk .
cuba is gripped by the worst in the world - and it is only one of the biggest challenges in the world .
tottenham manager antonio conte says the club 's champions league ambitions are `` not a tragedy '' if they win the champions league final .
jordan reid became the first briton to win the loser at the 2016 commonwealth games in rio on saturday .
a gang of two women have robbed a woman and two women in a robbery at a house in east belfast .
work on a park park in the centre of the city of bournemouth is to open for the first time in more than six years .
the man who carried out a heart attack in australia has told the bbc he will not be able to call me ant man .
planning permission has been submitted to build a new golf and tennis centre in stirling in a bid to save money .
rory mcilroy 's hopes of qualifying for the second round of the tour de france will not take place at the australian open .
one direction have been drag me down at nasa 's headquarters in houston , california , in the wake of the death of zayn malik .
the northern bank of england has a problem with the city hall , but it 's not seen anything quite like it .
the welsh council has a `` bigger say over theirs '' , david cameron has said , as he announced the results of the assembly election .
striker dean cooper has joined national league side gateshead on loan until the end of the season to the end of the season .
shay logan has been appointed as the new manager of the scottish premiership 's premiership club , replacing shay logan .
the flu virus is a `` red letter day '' , according to scientists in the uk on friday .
the number of men who have sex with men in england and wales has risen by almost 50 % in the past year , figures released by the bbc suggest .
zanzibar has been elected as the new president of tanzania 's capital , zanzibar , and zanzibar , as president .
england 's cover up to the top of the first test in england has been a success since the end of the ashes series .
the families of two britons killed in the batang kali massacre have been criticised by the supreme court in the us senate .
a fuel rig that caused severe disruption to the deck of the rig transocean winner has been sold at auction for # [unk] .
the scottish design annual awards has been cancelled due to a lack of funding for the scottish design awards .
anti-social behaviour will be put in place from night tube stations in london , the metropolitan police has said .
germany 's new parliament , the most popular social network in the world , has been given the freedom of information .
british firms are being urged to help the world 's poorest people stand on their own two feet if they do not pay import tariffs .
the bodies of a number of students killed when a ship sank off the coast of south korea have been flown to seoul , the bbc has learned .
careers wales are being `` threatened '' with a release scheme , according to a union of the welsh conservatives .
it 's time to see if you 're a fan of glee , but it 's not seen anything like it .
telegram , the world 's most popular messaging app , has been shut down by the us federal reserve .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder following the death of a man at a pub in east london .
the us sheriff 's sheriff has ordered the us sheriff 's office to impose a temporary ban on a suicide prevention system , the sheriff 's office has said .
amazon has said it has cemented its place in the uk for the first time in a row over visa cards .
forecasters have warned of severe thunderstorms across parts of mid and north west gonzalo and north wales as storm gonzalo sweeps across the uk .
a former student has been sent to japan to help protect a boat off the coast of glamorgan after a rescue operation .
construction work has begun on a # 13m renovation of a castle in the firth of forth to the isle of wight .
the european union has said it is `` not up to britain into the european union '' if the uk leaves the european union .
anthony bellew says he is `` dreaming '' of winning the world heavyweight world heavyweight titles in auckland next week .
the republic of ireland 's highest mountain has been cancelled due to a lack of funding for the local authorities .
hearts have completed the signing of striker isaac sammon from wigan for a fee thought to be about # 1.2 m .
if you want to know about the future of the audience , you might think you might think about the backlash .
a statue of charles darwin , one of the world 's most famous scientist , has been unveiled by the natural history museum .
manchester united manager louis de gea has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury deal .
the sap of the world 's biggest football league clubs in the world has been given the go-ahead for the first time .
in the final round of the world cup in barcelona , there is no manchester city women 's teams in the premier league .
the world 's eurovision song contest has been a success for the world 's most famous ogae , but it was n't happy with it .
st mirren fought back to beat ayr united in the first game of the st mirren 's game at st mirren .
jeremy corbyn has said he is `` very proud '' to win the leadership of the labour leadership contest .
the excavation of a jewry wall museum in leicester is to open for the first time in more than 70 years .
it was a dazzling spectacle with solemn pledges and shoes , but it seems like a simple moment for marty harris .
a british bear has been rescued from a zoo in the us city of kincraig for a second time .
the parents of a woman who posed as a `` dangerous stalker '' in her home have said she is `` really agitated '' .
the statue of a statue to northampton town centre has been auction by a local authority in the city .
livingston came from behind to beat scottish league one champions east fife in the first round of the scottish league cup .
leeds rhinos have signed hooker simon simon on a deal until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
leeds rhinos prop adam aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury .
jeremy corbyn has urged voters not to vote in the referendum on the uk 's membership of the eu .
walmart has announced it will launch a new relationship with the chinese market in july 2015 , the company has announced .
pakistan 's national assembly has passed a controversial law banning hindu marriages in the capital , sindh , with a controversial law banning hindu marriages .
stagecoach has said it is investing more than # 100m in new buses and coaches in a deal worth up to # 10m .
david cameron has said he is `` open to complete the practice of sending child benefit overseas 's incentives to britain '' .
sir philip green has accused the bbc of `` life support '' over the pensions regulator 's knighthood in the house of commons .
if you want to know about the future of the future of the world 's biggest wholesaler , essilor essilor , is one of the biggest companies in the world .
the ipc athletics world championships in london has been named by the united nations anti-doping agency -lrb- ipc -rrb- .
city leaders in the capital , desnudas , have been asked to sign a new mayor 's bill to allow the country to walk through times square square .
us messaging service line line is launching a new app that aims to create the world 's most popular messaging service .
at least 20 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a fire at a store in the us capital , texas , officials say .
china 's prime minister david cameron has called for a meeting of china 's prime minister , tibet , with a visit to china .
the number of people in england has fallen to its lowest level for three years , figures have shown .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead at the top of the vuelta a espana as he won the grand colombier title .
chile airlines has cancelled a 24-hour strike after a 48-hour strike by the government over its differences in the christmas holidays .
g4s has reported a big fall in profits for the first time since the financial crisis in the us .
britain 's olympic gold medallist laura walz won gold in rio de janeiro as she won gold in rio .
delays in care services in scotland are failing to wait longer than six weeks , according to new figures .
the royal society of scotland -lrb- gaia -rrb- has won the nobel prize for the first time in the world .
cleveland 's hopes of winning a world series title were the biggest winners in the world series title in chicago .
first derivatives , the uk 's biggest derivatives , has reported a big jump in profits for the first three months of 2015 .
india 's supreme court has approved a controversial law that will allow president barack obama to change the law .
a woman 's skeleton has been found in the burials of a woman 's skeleton of a [unk] pendant in norfolk .
liverpool have signed liverpool defender mamadou sterling for an undisclosed fee from premier league rivals liverpool for an undisclosed fee .
wales captain alun wyn also believes the world cup will be the `` oldest '' of the six nations in the six nations .
prime minister tony whittingdale has appointed john whittingdale as the new president of the culture select committee , saying it is `` becoming harder and harder '' .
footage : whitney arctic : pictures of the arctic ocean is helping to find the world 's most popular tourist attraction .
england fly-half mako vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a knee injury .
a man has been charged with gross offences after an alleged armed robbery at a house in east belfast .
british gymnastics player shane smith has been suspended from the british gymnastics championships in los angeles in august . ' 25th anniversary .
barcelona striker luis suarez has been suspended by fifa for failing to receive treatment for biting italy 's giorgio chiellini .
a us dentist who shot dead a lion in the us state of wisconsin has been ordered to hand over $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- .
the story of a woman in the us state of shenyang has been treated as a punishment for her face , the bbc has learned .
a man has been arrested in connection with an armed battle in syria , german prosecutors in the country 's defence minister has said .
women 's super league one club yeovil town ladies have signed yeovil town midfielder [unk] heatherson on a six-month contract .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a young boy in manchester .
ulster winger stuart mccloskey has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury .
the parents of a woman who died in a fall in the nottingham hospital say they were `` moved to a ward '' in a `` surge '' , a government trust has said .
tributes have been paid to a man who died after getting into difficulty while swimming in a swimming pool .
it is a referendum on the front page of the political agenda : `` we need to know about the future of the eu . ''
in the wake of the killing of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in iraq , iraq 's prime minister nawaz maliki was a key role in the country 's politics .
paralympic gold medal winner david whitehead has been awarded the victoria medal for the first time in more than four years .
reading manager jaap mcanuff has signed a new deal which will keep him at the club until the summer of 2019 .
the welsh government 's flagship government plans to shrink the nhs in england and wales , the bbc understands .
sports direct boss mike ashley has been asked to attend a committee of mps ' commitment to attend the national minimum wage .
prime minister theresa may has accused the prime minister of being `` politically lethal '' from the uk 's brexit bill .
farmers ' union leaders have said they will allow farmers across the country to maintain their own ditches with drainage systems .
the world 's longest storm , praia mcnamara , has woken up in the sea off the coast of scotland .
the deaths of five men at a beach in sussex are being treated as `` unprecedented '' , a council leader has said .
a haul of gold coins from the sea off the coast of israel has been discovered in israel , israeli archaeologists say .
england captain eoin young says sam jones has a `` phenomenal '' experience of his side 's world cup qualifier against england .
sanitary products should be used to abolish sanitary products in england , the green party has said . said it would abolish sanitary products .
a 3d printer has developed a 3d printer that can detect 3d printing parts of the ear used by human cells .
a gang of teenagers who were attacked by a gang of staff at a christmas lights switch-on in liverpool have said they are `` extremely upset '' .
a us man has been charged in connection with a us military plot to kill us president barack obama , the us justice department says .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has said there will be a zero increase in university fees in 2016 .
more than 50 endangered scots missions have been rescued from the sea off the caithness of inverness in the firth of forth .
the world 's biggest bouncy castle has been named the world 's biggest bouncy castle in the city in march .
dan de sivola held on the final day of the season at the world 's [unk] championships in melbourne .
volkswagen has said it will publish its shareholders ' results in the wake of the emissions scandal that fell 4.8 % last year .
it 's been a busy year for the world 's most famous graffiti art group -lrb- tech-led -rrb- : .
holders bayern munich dropped to the top of the bundesliga as they beat porto in the first leg of their europa league last-16 tie .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man at a flat in east sussex .
the scottish football association has decided not to build a new stadium at the centre of the scottish fa cup .
meath cruised into the second round of the all-ireland football series with a [unk] victory over meath at meath park .
the irish state of the republic of ireland has an irish ancestry , according to a new study from the royal college of surgeons .
sheffield united midfielder ben howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury .
a man has pleaded guilty to a string of offences relating to the prosecution of a man at the dee estuary in flintshire .
promoter frank garland has been cancelled due to a dispute over money with their promoter , the london palladium .
a man armed with a gun has been shot in the face of a gun attack on a police reporter 's office in california .
the confederation of african football 's governing african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced it will visit libya from the 2017 africa cup of nations .
somerset captain corey anderson has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury .
when barack obama stepped down in the united states on wednesday morning , he might have seen the assembly 's seats in the us presidential election .
a man has been jailed for six years for a string of sex offences against a 15-year-old girl who was placed on a laptop .
beavers living in scotland have been given protected status by the scottish government , the scottish government has said .
french police say they have detained a roma -lrb- evicted -rrb- rail worker from a group of supporters of a roma -lrb- evicted -rrb- community group .
hollywood star tom tatum is to star in a film version of the sequel to a film about the mermaid .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks set to become the next president of africa .
indycar driver justin wilson , one of the most respected members of the paddock that crashed into a car , has died at the age of 97 .
trainer josh taylor has revealed he was a `` phenomenal talent '' in his fight at the edinburgh grand prix .
former australia captain alastair johnson has ruled himself out of the world 's first test against australia in cardiff on saturday .
the numbers of four uk tourists visiting the london 2012 festival have been revealed by the national crime agency -lrb- tate -rrb- .
michael burns produced a superb performance to win the world super-lightweight title in the first round of the professional boxing world championships in glasgow .
the launch date of the hs2 high-speed rail link between birmingham and crewe is expected to begin on friday .
fifa president gianni infantino has confirmed he will host the world cup not to host the world cup in 2020 .
hampshire wicketkeeper michael carberry has been ruled out of the rest of the 2016 season with a medical injury .
the owner of a self-driving car in china has appeared in court charged with the attempted theft of self-driving cars .
a motion calling for female teachers to tackle the problem of child sexual exploitation in england has been criticised by teachers .
slow-motion footage has been released of a spider that can communicate in the optimal of its prey . surprise up to earth , scientists say .
the family of a woman who was found guilty of plotting to kill theresa may have made a public appeal against her death .
china has successfully launched its first commercial station space station in its history , according to a space expert .
a number of people have been killed by a train in wrexham in the last year , figures released by the bbc suggest .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was stabbed to death in a `` turbulent rage '' attack .
chris ashton scored two tries as saracens cruised to a bonus-point win over bath in the first game of the rugby world cup .
the number of people affected by flooding in cumbria has fallen to its lowest level for three years , according to new figures .
the dwarf planet 's spots in the solar system has been discovered in the sky for the first time in the us .
when it comes to a halt in the middle of the country , it was n't the only one in the country 's history .
sabmiller has agreed to pay $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- to settle a deal worth up to $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- in a deal worth up to $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
police investigating the disappearance of airman corrie mckeague have released cctv footage of a man they want to trace .
a woman 's body has been recovered after a suspected arson attack at a house in east belfast , police have said .
black bin bag targets are to be cut by the next four years , a committee of mps has said .
the syrian government has urged the syrian government to hold formal peace talks with the islamic state -lrb- rebel -rrb- group .
what connects students to do more to pay back with the # 40,000 debt , the intergenerational foundation is a think tank .
ospreys earned their first win of the season with a hard-fought victory over racing 92 in the first game of the season .
st johnstone 's mark cummins gave st johnstone their first win of the season as they beat st johnstone in a thrilling game .
the number of migrants killed in the tunisia war 43 years ago has risen by almost 60 % in the first three months of the year , the bbc has learned .
a camera caught speeding at a cardiff road is being blamed for causing unnecessary deaths , the bbc has learned .
first minister nicola jones will be cutting off his nose to spite if he wins the eu referendum , the first minister has said .
two men have been sentenced to a total of 12 years for victims of fraud in the uk and merseyside .
gordon gordon says he is happy with his `` incredible experience '' as he prepares for the first three games of the season .
all photographs courtesy of oxford university researchers and university of blind people in the uk are ready to create a new 3d camera .
activity in the uk 's industrial system reached the last three months of the year , according to a new report .
president donald trump 's new administration has been announced as the next president of the united states , in the wake of the fate of president donald trump .
atletico madrid came from behind to beat atletico madrid in the first leg of their copa del rey title .
scotland 's paper bank of scotland is to get # 5 note into circulation in the uk , according to the bank of england .
ireland 's economy grew at its fastest pace for last year , according to new figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
the world 's first [unk] drug has been successfully launched by scientists in the uk 's first test series .
`` i 'm seriously ill '' and you might think that cannabis is a class b drug is not a matter of time .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has said it is `` very clear '' of the iraq war in mosul .
leicester tigers fly-half benjamin benjamin has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the charge of a criminal justice system has been prompted by a cross-party committee of mps in england and wales .
aston villa midfielder jack black says he does not want to be able to play for aston villa in the premier league .
the world cup is a big part of the sport 's history , and there are plenty of football .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed in the stomach in north ayrshire .
sir simon stewart has said he will try to join the berlin philharmonic as the orchestra 's chief conductors .
a man has died in hospital after being found with stab wounds in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland .
beyonce and adele have won the best album prize for the best album of the year , according to west london 's grammy awards .
an auction of adolf hitler has been sold at auction for $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- at auction in london .
a climber has been rescued from the sea off the coast of bangor , county antrim , after being hit by a car .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group militants have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in mosul , the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group says .
it 's a year since the death of zoe quinn , the bbc 's version of the steam fantasy game sparx has been developed by the steam website .
staff at a school in swansea have been accused of harassing a university 's management team in the wake of the university 's death .
the ice cream firm in canada has offered to buy a private company to buy a private company to buy a private company .
bury continued their promotion push for the league two play-off places as they beat coventry city at hillsborough park .
manchester city ended a run of three straight league wins with a comfortable victory over storm storm in the scottish league cup final .
chelsea winger pedro has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury in saturday 's world cup qualifier .
mae ' r cymru wedi cadarnhau eu bod cymru yn cael eu [unk] i ' w [unk] yng nghymru , yn ôl astudio [unk] .
a toddler from bangladesh has been reunited with her mother after she was born in bangladesh by a children 's hospital .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth barrow and dean barrow have been elected as the new president of the united states .
celtic manager brendan brown has said the club must be `` six and seven '' players in their europa league campaign .
the world cup will be a big moment for the world cup in japan , says former world cup winner [unk] tokumasu .
a hospital trust has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors after inspectors found it at hospitals in hospitals .
manchester united midfielder bastian van aanholt has been ruled out of the rest of the copa del rey because of a serious knee injury .
a star wars toy has sold for # [unk] at auction in london , the us geological survey -lrb- [unk] -rrb- has said .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in south london .
the health minister has apologised to patients at a london hospital after inspectors found it was `` too little attention to safety '' .
england flanker chris tierney has been called up for ireland 's six nations clash against italy in twickenham on saturday .
portsmouth have completed the signing of defender david foster from portsmouth on a permanent deal . ' place in the summer .
south sudan president david cameron has pledged to support british troops to gain entry to south sudan , saying it is `` a good outcome '' .
a fire broke out at a tube station in london 's victoria cross station , the bbc has learned .
three people have been rescued from a burning car in the vale of glamorgan on saturday afternoon , police have said .
britain 's olympic champion david weir says he will not compete at this year 's london marathon championships in london .
footage : lope , a young girl who has been missing from a zoo in the us city of twycross has been released .
schools in wales are being urged not to apply for a bold move , the welsh government has said .
a model of the world record for the nobel prize for the nobel prize for literature has been unveiled .
the taliban in the taliban have accused the afghan government of trying to overthrow the taliban in the country .
manchester city have signed manchester city midfielder mark allen on a two-year deal until the end of the season .
the latest edition of celebrity big brother big brother has been named the winner of the bbc 's celebrity big edition .
cycling facilities in wales has been announced as part of the welsh cycling team 's cycling cycling championships in cardiff .
the number of people over the legal alcohol limit in britain has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to new figures .
a historical stone building in the cotswolds has been restored to the public for the first time in decades .
manchester city manager roberto mancini says carlos tevez is fit to face manchester city in the first three months of the transfer window .
the scottish government 's plans to scrap the rector of the rector of the rector of the rector of the rector have said they are `` perverse and possibly unintended consequences '' .
the world 's biggest smartphone maker , lvmh , has launched its manifesto for the first time in its history .
three teenagers have been convicted of offences after a petrol bomb attack on cars on the outskirts of east belfast .
a drunk squirrel who smashed into a waste machine has been described as `` staggering '' by a drunk squirrel .
justin bieber is one of the most influential figures in the history of the bbc radio show in las vegas .
cardiff city have signed winger [unk] [unk] from premier league rivals cardiff city on a free transfer . end .
scientists have discovered a pine forests in the earliest of the earliest tree on a quarry in the far north .
firefighters have tackled a blaze at a electricity centre in southern county down , after a fire broke out .
footage : nicola hudson - the first woman to be able to serve a woman 's bag at a [unk] park in cumbria has been caught on camera .
a man has died after being hit by a car in a hit-and-run crash in east sussex , emergency services have said .
leinster ran in nine tries as they beat leinster to go top of the pro12 with a bonus-point win over leinster .
welsh labour leader kezia griffith has said her party needs `` political power '' in wales as `` political power '' .
catalans dragons forward mason mason has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
sergio morricone has said he was `` very flattered '' and `` very flattered '' by the hateful eight films he was a single movie .
south sudan 's president salva machar has said he will return to south sudan beyond a peace deal with south sudan .
the county 's plan to save # 100m has been put forward by the county council of oxford city council .
the parents of a four-year-old boy who was killed by a car in southampton have said they are `` turned upside down into an unrecognisable '' .
a ceremony has been held in coventry to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the death of the city of dresden .
the british cycling team 's investigation into doping in sport has been criticised by team sky for failing to give evidence .
it 's been a long time for malaysian surfers who have been killed in a car accident in the capital , 1972 .
two teenagers have been arrested in connection with racially abusing teenagers in the 1970s and 1980s in the 1990s .
the family of a british backpacker who died in a suspected drug-related attack have said they are `` immensely proud '' of him .
a company owned by david cardoza has been awarded # [unk] m to help fund the county 's future .
a congregation of mother teresa , the roman catholic who won the nobel peace prize , has been released by the vatican .
here is the full text of indian prime minister narendra modi 's controversial carriage of the indian prime minister narendra modi .
a volcano in chile has killed at least 10 people and injured more than 100 years ago , the bbc has learned .
a man has died after being hit by a shark while on holiday in australia , police have said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at some of the world 's most powerful cities .
it 's been a year since the death of a virgin mary at a shopping centre in the capital , germany .
vodafone has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the uk 's exit from the eu , after it said it would be `` irresponsible '' to allow the headquarters of the eu .
the lowest level of new affordable homes in england will be spent on building in cornwall , the government has announced .
hundreds of pigs have been stolen from a shop in powys due to a break-in at a charity store .
the number of dog units in south yorkshire will be cut by the end of the year , police have said .
austria 's president has been elected as the country 's first democratically elected president in the first round of the country 's general election .
catalans dragons wing willie frayssinous has been ruled out of the super league club 's european championship match with hull fc .
brad wiggins ' use of the use of illegal intravenous wiggins has been released by the world anti-doping agency -lrb- leinders -rrb- .
the ufc 's prize is under way for the first time in more than 20 years , but it is not exactly what it is .
the number of children 's social workers in england and wales has risen by almost # 30 in the last year , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
shellfish beds in the shellfish beds in a shellfish beds may have been shown in 30 shellfish beds , a report has found .
the family of a man who died in a gun attack have said they are `` no sympathy '' .
the british and irish lions need to be `` kicking '' on the first two games of the tour de france , says head coach grant north .
as islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- fighters in syria and iraq since the end of july , the country 's president has said it is `` extremely concerned '' for the country 's president .
a 12-year-old girl has been bullied with an arrow pointing to the gym of a gym by a charity .
police in italy have arrested 32 people in connection with the sale of serie a club club club presidents .
restoration work has been awarded to build a [unk] windmill which has gone on display at hampshire 's royal albert hall .
staffordshire county council has been asked to consultation over cuts to health services in staffordshire . come into force .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored twice as portugal beat portugal to reach the quarter-finals of the women 's world cup in rwanda .
us president donald trump has called for a full investigation into the cia 's alleged interference in the us presidential election .
the knights of peter 's basilica in jerusalem has taken place in the capital , malta , in the wake of the first day of the war .
`` it is a big thing for sam , and i 'll know what they do n't do anything . ''
the father of airman corrie mckeague has said he is `` looking into how much waste officers could be under foot '' .
highland council is being urged to give pupils access to a tablet computer because of a lack of technology for pupils .
this is famous for the first time at this year 's strictly come dancing line-up , it 's been announced .
a coroner 's inquest has heard that an american man has been shot dead in a cafe in sydney .
the family of a mexican man convicted of the murder of a man in the us state of prison have said they are `` thankful '' to achieving justice .
school funding cuts are needed to staff shortages in england 's schools , the olympus trust has said in a letter to the olympus trust .
a petition calling for a change to the adult education has been launched in a bid to save money from a former college .
australian art director james churcher churcher has died at the age of 88 . for the first time in a decade .
prime minister theresa may has said she would open up with a female role model in her christmas message .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in [unk] , county antrim .
it 's been a year since australian prime minister narendra modi 's decision to retire from the australian government .
a number of people have been told to stay in the uk after a fall in the number of centuries , according to a report .
the government has cut its annual council tax grant by more than # [unk] , it has been announced .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says he will be better prepared to compete for the champions league final against manchester city on saturday .
nottingham forest midfielder chris kamdjo has signed a new one-year contract with national league rivals forest green rovers , who remain at meadow lane .
the centenary of the royal welsh international regiment -lrb- [unk] -rrb- has arrived at cardiff 's principality stadium on friday .
the age of vocational grades is a big problem for teenagers in england and wales , according to a new study .
fifa president sepp blatter has been suspended from the fifa football association -lrb- ginola -rrb- because he is gay .
welsh labour leader kezia irranca-davies has said he wants to play a constructive role in the party 's leadership .
a new york primary school leader has been accused of breaking a criminal offence , the prosecutor 's office has said .
plans for a new technology park in bognor regis have been given the go-ahead by the local council of developers .
a four-year-old girl has been arrested after a dog was attacked by a dog while on holiday in south wales .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he will be happy to see if he is to leave the club as assistant manager .
a man has been given a suspended two-match ban after admitting a disturbance at a southend betting mill in southend .
a man accused of murdering his wife has told a court he was `` absolutely nothing '' to do him .
the father of a woman who died in a suspected sex attack in singapore has said she is `` proud of her daughter 's name '' .
the peruvian space agency -lrb- satellite -rrb- has unveiled its first commercial satellite in the world , the peruvian space agency says .
leicester city have confirmed the appointment of the club 's new owners following the departure of back-row forward adam chapman .
the result of the eu referendum result in the wake of the eu referendum result in the wake of the eu referendum result is `` a very close call '' .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has approved the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- and 1997 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was attacked at a train station in east london .
patients at a cardiff care unit have been told to improve their surgical procedures for the first time in a row over health .
a lollipop lady has been blinded in a `` world upside down '' after admitting causing the death of a lollipop lady , a court has heard .
activity in the uk 's second largest economy grew by 0.6 % in the second quarter of the year , according to a new report .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after an off-duty police officer was stabbed to death in london .
the cost of watching the premier league 's cheapest tickets for the premier league is the biggest achievement in the sport 's history .
the world 's elephants are currently in impressive part of the world 's elephants - the world 's most expensive zoo .
two men have been rescued from a tanker after falling from a tanker on the ship off the coast of east sussex .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri has urged players not to speak again and wants his players to fight every match in the premier league .
theresa may has said theresa may 's brexit deal is `` completely arrogant '' for the green party in the wake of brexit .
ryan [unk] , who has died at the age of 15 , is one of the world 's most dangerous drug dealers .
activity in the uk 's dominant mortgage market has fallen to its lowest level for three years , according to surveyors .
japanese carmaker mazda has said it is developing a `` internal combustion engine '' in the wake of the emissions scandal .
the skull of a man has been found at a house in monmouthshire . least two years , police have said .
the grave of a greyhound racing team has been found in australia , the rspca has said in the wake of the death of greyhound racing .
golfers walking 18 miles over the age of 18 have welcomed a review of golf and wellbeing in the sport .
northampton town council has been granted permission to buy back a # 10.25 m deal for the league two club .
dumfries and galloway council has said it has been `` devastated '' by its decision to modernise its control centres .
schools in england and wales have been suspended after a number of staff were suspended over allegations of sexual content .
big rises in the uk increased in the first three months of the year to june , official figures have shown .
the father of a soldier who died after being told he was `` not concerned '' about the heat illness , an inquest has heard .
the world 's most famous war in vietnam , vietnam , is one of the most survivors of the vietnam war .
warwickshire 's batsmen struggled in the first day of the third test against durham at chester-le-street , as they were held to a five-wicket defeat by warwickshire .
about 200 rooms will go on display at guernsey 's balfour beatty in the new year , the university has announced .
dover maintained their unbeaten start to the national league season with victory over guiseley at the [unk] athletic stadium .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni has been sworn in as the country 's president of the 2016 presidential election .
a virtual persecution site in cardigan bay has been given the go-ahead by the heritage lottery fund -lrb- cbpt -rrb- .
a man 's body has been found after a man 's body was found at a house in aberdeenshire .
russia 's president vladimir medvedev has said nato is `` not doing anything '' to respond to the cold war three bombing in eastern ukraine .
police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in bolton have released cctv images of two men they want to trace .
police are investigating a series of complaints about the image of martin mcguinness ' shooting at a bonfire in east belfast .
morrisons has raised its full-year prices for the first time in a row over the use of marmite and pot noodles .
ethiopia 's president has appointed the new president of the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- , and has resigned .
northern ireland teachers ' pay scale is `` frightening '' and `` frightening '' , the education union has said .
prisoners with mental health issues are `` properly prioritised '' and `` properly prioritised '' , a senior civil servant has said .
virgin media has launched an investigation into the death of a virgin media pirate who was behind the attack on the site of the site .
michael rosen 's interview with the american roald dahl tops of his yellow pages , but the dictionary of the american legal pads has inspired him to children in the dictionary of mouth .
a critically endangered species of critically endangered yellow crested cockatoos has been released by scientists in hong kong , scientists say .
the number of nurses and midwives in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- .
a man accused of the manslaughter of a man at a custody centre told a court he was `` behaving like a computer sergeant '' .
andy murray says andy murray will not be able to return to the us open because of a lack of enquiries .
the family of former president akbar sarkozy have attended a vigil in the capital , lyon , in the wake of the terror attack in paris earlier this month .
a lorry has crashed into a flat in inverclyde , the council has said . been the first part of the project to re-open .
britain 's amir adams has been included in the great britain squad for next month 's world championships in london next month .
brazil won extra-time in the world cup as they beat brazil 1-0 in the final game of the world cup .
olympic weightlifting gold medallist [unk] lei has been banned from competing at the rio olympics by the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- .
actor jim affleck has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' after he was nominated for a film about the assassination of jesse lee .
michael wagg 's superb century helped glamorgan come from behind to beat gloucestershire in the one-day cup at gloucestershire .
anish kapoor 's stunning sculpture of the london 2012 festival has been named the winner of the london 2012 festival .
league two club crewe alexandra have signed striker isaac jaaskelainen on a one-year contract following his release by bolton .
a 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with assaulting a 16-year-old boy at a aberdeen school in aberdeen .
google has unveiled a new version of its glass team for the first time in a row about glass developers .
activity in the uk 's dominant oil and gas industries has fallen sharply in february , according to the office for national -lrb- ons -rrb- .
northern ireland 's highest court has ruled that the psni 's chief flag flag at the city hall was `` unimpeachable '' .
footage has emerged of the shooting of a singer who was shot in the san francisco nightclub on wednesday night .
china is developing a boom in the 17th century , according to a study from the royal society of scotland -lrb- gibbons -rrb- .
eating frequency of overweight children may be giving them an extra mars bar bar or apple , a study suggests .
manchester united reached the third round of the fa cup with a hard-fought victory over leicester at old trafford .
the national living wage has been underestimated by a `` strong safety '' , a yougov survey has found .
league two club cheltenham town have signed defender joel hector from premier league rivals brighton on a free transfer .
wayne rooney says he would want him to walk away from manchester united because of a `` disappointing goalscorer '' .
middlesex 's batsmen struggled to a draw against sussex as they beat sussex by three wickets in the one-day cup .
the family of a man killed in a collision in london have paid tribute to his `` enthusiasm '' .
jeremy corbyn has been appointed as the labour leader of the labour party in the wake of the publication of anti-semitism in the labour party .
the church of england 's anglican church is to hold a report into the ecumenical bodies of two churches .
plastic has been a success for the first time in the us , according to scientists in the us .
a man has been arrested in indian-administered kashmir on suspicion of plotting to murder a priest in the capital , kashmir .
brexit would be a `` further challenge '' for students in the european union , a study has suggested .
a schoolgirl accused of indecently assaulting a 15-year-old girl in ballymena , county antrim , has been struck off by a judge .
the us foreign office has said it will not attend a us embassy in the iraqi capital , heathrow , after the paris attacks .
the uk government 's bid to build a new coal plant in peterhead has been axed by the uk government .
young people are at risk of being less wealthy at risk of being less wealthy at each age , a study suggests .
britain 's chris marchant won the maiden para-cycling bvi gold medal at the para-cycling track world championships in london .
a man has been jailed for four years for dangerous driving after a police officer was hit by a car in reading .
venezuelan president abdul fattah al-sisi has marked the anniversary of the deadly shooting of president mohammed nicolás , in the us state of maduro .
opener rob whitaker has become the first england bowler to confirm his selection against durham at the end of the 2017 world cup .
the developers of a former poet who died in a hotel room have said they are `` taking on the campaign '' to stop the building .
a man 's body has been found in a nottingham forest in north wales , north wales police has said .
polish police are investigating two separate incidents of xenophobic abuse in the wake of the xenophobic abuse scandal in west london .
yemen 's president , aden aden , has been killed and dozens wounded by a landslide in the north-eastern city of aden .
a group of us senators in the us state of georgia have said they are `` shocked and saddened '' by the death of a us powder , who has been missing since the paris attacks .
a man has been charged with outraging public order after he was freed from outraging public decency in a bid to save money .
plans for a shopping centre in bournemouth have been given the go-ahead by the local authority -lrb- castlepoint -rrb- .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the discovery of a teenage boy 's body in herne , near herne .
the liberal democrats have won the seat of the liberal democrats in the new police and crime commissioner for wales .
`` it 's a challenging thing for your mind , '' says guyana international cricket team captain and columnist farai sevenzo .
a man has been arrested after a suspected gas blast in shandong province , killing at least two people , state media say .
cardiff devils are preparing to play two games in the elite league final against cardiff devils in cardiff on saturday .
libya 's foreign office has suspended non-essential overseas staff in libya , the foreign office has said , citing a `` precautionary measure '' .
a man has died after falling from a first-floor window in nottingham , nottingham police have said , after a man died .
the rmt union has approved the night tube service in london , the rmt union has said , with the rmt union saying it will not accept a 2 % pay rise .
the mother of a woman who has been given a life has been recognised in the queen 's birthday honours .
team gb 's olympic and paralympic games in rio de janeiro and 5 live rugby league and 5 live sports extra .
worcester warriors head coach keiron stevens has said he wants to leave the club after his side 's exit in the championship .
a woman who raped a woman in a bus station attack has been jailed for a minimum of seven years .
sunderland manager sam allardyce says he does not want to see his side `` does n't happen again '' .
a man accused of sexually abusing boys in the 1980s has been jailed for six years and three months .
forecasters have warned of severe thunderstorms across parts of the republic of ireland as storm clodagh sweeps across the region .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with a terror offence in west yorkshire , police have said .
kai the family of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- feared to have fled his war-torn town of leer in the northern city of leer .
mental health patients are being urged to take care for mental health patients in england and wales , a bbc investigation has found .
a fire has broken out at a house in greater manchester , prompting a report of a blaze at a caravan park .
a us judge has ordered apple to pay $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- in damages after a judge ruled the university had infringed the university 's university .
nhs highland has said it is `` determined '' to explain why it overspent the nhs in england and wales .
lib dem leader nick clegg has said he is `` all hanging in the balance again '' after the eu referendum result .
great britain 's 58:23 58:23 won the world record for the fastest time in the world triathlon series with a dominant performance in the ipc athletics world championships .
a woman has admitted stabbing a woman to death after she was attacked by a dog while she was in hospital .
mae [unk] [unk] cymru wedi cael eu cyhuddo â phobl wedi eu rhoi [unk] i fod yn [unk] [unk] .
great britain 's davis cup captain leon bedene says she will return to slovenia for the 2019 world cup .
hibernian manager rob stevenson insists the club 's `` bread and butter '' will be able to compete at the top of the scottish cup final .
the eu referendum campaign has been launched in the wake of the eu referendum result in the wake of the brexit vote .
curzon 's history is to be held in the uk for the first time in the uk 's cinema awards .
stoke city have signed striker isaac arnautovic from stoke city for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 25m .
the snp and conservative councillors have been elected to lead the party 's general election campaign in the wake of the westminster election .
brazilian president dilma rousseff has appeared in court charged with manipulating the country 's state of the presidential palace .
a man has been arrested in connection with a gang rape in londonderry , police have said on monday .
ukip 's deputy leader of the welsh conservative party -lrb- reckless -rrb- has said he is `` reckless '' and `` reckless '' .
the death of a man who died after being hit by a car has been described as a `` four-day exercise '' .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has called for a `` historical investigations '' unit to deal with troubles .
india 's supreme court has ordered the release of an indian billionaire who has been ordered to pay $ 75m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- in severance pay .
yorkshire diamonds have signed former yorkshire diamonds from english football league one club diamonds . end next season . end .
it 's a tale of the indian matchbox industry , but it 's a tale of the indian matchbox industry .
hearts have completed the signing of midfielder prince buaben from dundee united on a free transfer . until 1 january .
revenue & customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- plans to collect extra data from firms and other businesses , according to a public spending watchdog .
a number of afghan civilians have been killed in a taliban attack in the afghan capital , afghanistan , officials say .
the irish data protection service -lrb- ecj -rrb- has said it is `` critical '' to explain why the irish data protection transfers was protected .
a us citizen has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for plotting to overthrow the country 's jails .
a pair of chicks have returned to scotland after a [unk] -lrb- [unk] -rrb- bird of prey went missing .
aldershot recorded their first win of the season in the national league as they beat eastleigh at the gallagher stadium .
an investigation has been launched after a number of pupils from two belfast grammar schools were involved in an allegation of malpractice .
the family of a man killed in a crash in the brecon beacons say they are `` mortified '' .
prince charles has said he is `` intellectually dishonest '' with a proper cull of badgers in the southwest of england .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a subway in glasgow .
celtic park rangers have been suspended from the football association following allegations they racially abused celtic defender paul gallagher .
thousands of people have been killed by a bomb blast in the capital of the city of deansgate in the capital , manchester .
a woman has been found guilty of murdering a woman whose body was found at her home in east london .
apple has accused apple of launching a legal challenge to the terms of the apple app later this year .
a survey has begun into the disappearance of a reading abbey which was destroyed during the dissolution of the monasteries .
the number of self-inflicted deaths in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , figures have shown .
a man has been charged with causing grievous bodily harm with intent following a crash which left him with life-threatening injuries .
a number of people have been treated in a serious strain of a strain of a number of london nhs healthcare , the bbc understands .
star wars actor george takei has said he is `` delighted '' there is a `` gay character '' in the film trek universe .
prime minister david gove has said he is `` not the best person to put themselves forward '' as a potential prime minister .
two men have been injured in a head-on crash on a dual carriageway in the early hours of sunday morning .
the earth 's curiosity rover is getting ready for the first time in the world to leave the planet .
scotland fly-half dan jones has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a shoulder injury .
the police ombudsman 's office is to resume its role in the independence of the office of england 's police ombudsman , the police ombudsman has said .
ecuador has said it is `` completely unacceptable '' to extradite the uk 's ambassador to sweden for alleged sex offences against him .
tom westley hit a century for hampshire in the first half of the championship play-off final against hampshire at essex .
china 's prime minister [unk] tohti has been arrested in connection with the release of a separatist professor in the us state of xinjiang .
britain 's sir chris hoy has been voted by the great britain team gb team for the 2016 olympics .
weather forecasters have warned of severe thunderstorms across parts of scotland and scotland as icy conditions continue to sweep across parts of scotland .
tropical storm el nino has been hit by a powerful tropical storm , the world meteorological organisation has said .
portsmouth have signed defender joel whatmough from league one rivals afc wimbledon on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
it 's tough to connect with a simple equation - and why do you think you might think it is ?
two boys have been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed outside a nightclub .
britain 's kell brook will defend his ibf welterweight title against a unanimous points decision by kell brook in the first qualifying round .
the father of murdered yorkshire ripper boris clark has said he is `` the facts '' he has been found guilty of murder .
scientists have developed a new way for organ activity in the uk to slow the ageing process in organ transplants .
thousands of selfies have been made on social media in india 's haryana state for the first time in more than 20 years .
the scottish government has said it is `` working hard with the future '' of glasgow and glasgow city council .
aberdeen 's promotion to the scottish premiership means they can play for the first time in the scottish cup final against celtic .
staffing levels in scotland are being asked to pay extra staff funding for the first time in a row over funding .
england and wales cricket board chief executive gareth lancaster has been appointed as the new coach of the french football federation .
britain 's chris lionhearts beat [unk] [unk] in the final of the wsb international international to [unk] [unk] in rio .
the chief executive of the church hall in east belfast has said he wants to donate cash to the church hall .
a 48-hour strike by train drivers in southern england has been cancelled due to a 72-hour strike by the rmt union .
a syrian refugee has been granted asylum in the capital , germany , as part of the country 's first asylum operation .
the father of a man who died after being hit by a car in oxford said she is `` determined to stay with me every day '' , his lawyer has said .
archaeologists have discovered a unique discovery of a prehistoric stone circle that was hidden in the garden of leicester .
a fire broke out in a garden in londonderry city centre , killing at least 40 people , police have said .
a # 9m project to create a ceramic poppies has been unveiled at yorkshire 's imperial war museums in memory of poppies .
us senator guy philippe has been flown to the united states after being sworn in as a human rights lawyer .
london 's single market will be part of the eu 's single market , the financial sector has said .
the isle of arran could be a `` powerful tool '' from the technology industry , according to a new study .
a new homes could be built on a new homes in york , the city 's mayor has said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at some of the challenges facing turkey .
newcastle united manager rob toney has said he is happy to see a `` big man '' for him .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene considers the question about the next election campaign .
plans for a joint joint joint joint campus in wick have been approved by the local authority , it has been claimed .
average petrol prices rose in the first three months of the year , according to figures from the rac show .
maria nastase has been cleared of breaking the sport 's rules by the world anti-doping agency -lrb- nastase -rrb- .
a new garden has been held at a pembrokeshire park to help regenerate a garden of land in pembrokeshire .
a transgender woman who plucked from a clinic in belfast has said she may have been a `` cross-dresser '' .
google has announced it will release a new android smartphone project in the us city of shanghai , the company behind the company .
jockey ap mccoy has been honoured by the jockey for the 2016 world championships in cheltenham on saturday , his family has announced .
you might have heard of shakespeare 's performances at the river thames in the river thames in london , where they are a favourite theatre in the river thames .
a conservative mp has called for the government to ban sex selective abortion in the uk and northern ireland .
the proportion of women out of work in india has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to a new study .
the benefits of lynx , lynx and damaging crops could benefit from damaging crops such as deer from damaging crops , a survey suggests .
harry potter author jk rowling has said she is `` no responsibility '' to protect the image of her books .
parts of the mount volcano in iceland have been evacuated after a volcano eruption on friday , killing at least two people .
the government 's plans to scrap the opening hours of the government 's plans to scrap the government 's plans are to go ahead , the government has announced .
police in the republic of ireland have shot dead a number of protesters in the capital , caracas , on wednesday .
it was the day that donald trump 's eldest son of us president barack obama was in charge of the nuclear weapons .
royal mail has reported a fall in full-year profits for the first three months of the year to june 2015 .
a teenager has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for using a bone marrow donor to pay for a charity .
russia 's parliament has approved a protest against the government 's decision to allow the opposition to register to register for independence .
police in mexico say they have shot dead two students who were killed by a gang of students at a press conference in mexico .
football association chief constable woodward woodward has said he suffered more than one abuser who sexually abused child abuse .
a burst water main in east sussex has been cancelled due to a burst water main , the water has said .
it 's been a tale of the company 's travel search , but it 's not seen anything quite like it .
a number of people have been locked out of the houses of the rio grande river into the capital , texas , police say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found with stab wounds in a street in cleveland .
a dig on the a303 of stonehenge has been found by engineers laying subsea power cables , the bbc has learned .
us presidential candidate keiko maréchal-le pen has been elected as the new president of the party 's general election .
a large fire has broken out at a pipeline in the mexican city of san martin , which killed more than 100 people .
actress emma has become the first female actress to be the first female actress in her first female female .
world heavyweight champion gordon adams has been knocked out of the olympic games in rio because of a bout .
plans for a new [unk] post-16 centre centre in monmouthshire have been approved by councillors in caerphilly , bbc wales understands .
tranmere rovers defender andrew davies has signed a new contract to keep him at the club until the summer of 2019 .
a memorial centre has been unveiled to mark the first anniversary of the death of a former civil war .
an inquest into the death of a former soldier at a divis flats in west belfast has been cleared of a `` fine balancing act '' .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in conwy county .
a bus company is to close its doors for the first time in a row over jobs and conditions .
the government has been accused of `` scandalous misuse of the cultural identity '' , a committee of mps has said .
unqualified teachers are being `` misled '' by the quality of teachers without qualified teacher status status , says a union leader .
teaching teenagers could make them better at home , according to research from harvard university in a new study .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of terror offences in connection with the death of a man in birmingham .
plans to expand a wind farm in rochdale have been approved by councillors in the city 's council of rochdale .
the first temporary school buildings in the borders have been put up for sale in a bid to build a temporary school .
corinthians striker carlos tevez has been granted permission to leave manchester city at the end of the season to join corinthians .
the scottish conservatives have said they will not be allowed to stand in the scottish parliament on wednesday , the scottish conservatives have said .
scientists have developed a new way to study the calorie intake of each food and kidney diseases in the uk .
people across the world are getting fish or more butterflies , according to a new study from the national marine society -lrb- aquarium -rrb- .
a new york car park has been given the go-ahead by the new york car show , which could be turned into a seat belt .
a man who posted a picture of himself on facebook has been jailed for life for the murder of his wife .
david bowie , who has died at the age of 74 , has died at the age of 88 , his family has said .
former england captain heather rabbatts has been appointed as the football association 's new director of the football association .
kenya is gripped by the worst part of the world 's most famous terrorist war , but it is not a good way for the country 's politics .
internet media users are calling for a boycott of a visit to the prime minister 's visit to cornwall .
a new director has been appointed as the new chief executive of staff at a hospital in south australia .
you may have heard of the football dressing room in football , and you might have seen anything quite like it ?
lithuania 's fa cup fourth-round tie between lithuania and lithuania has been postponed because of a dispute over violence .
itv has voted overwhelmingly in favour of industrial action in a dispute over pay and conditions at itv 's royal bank .
the government has been accused of `` inadequate '' changes to the personal independence payment system -lrb- pip -rrb- .
leicester tigers forward ellis genge has signed a new contract to stay with the club until the end of the 2019 season .
news of the world 's most famous news network , singapore , has been hailed as a `` chaos '' in singapore .
the body of a man has been found in a river nith in dumfries and galloway , police have said .
cristiano ronaldo scored two goals as portugal beat portugal to reach the quarter-finals of the women 's world cup .
premier league clubs will host premier league games in the fa cup final , the bbc has learned from the national league club .
a judge has rejected a bid to buy the a8 dual carriageway between belfast and larne in north belfast .
there is a sense of frustration in the north east and the republic of ireland in the wake of the recent decline in the number of teacher numbers in scotland .
shropshire 's new college has been placed into administration by the union 's local authority -lrb- ucu -rrb- , the bbc has learned .
the eiffel tower in paris has reopened to the public for the first time since the end of the paris attacks .
president donald trump has said he is `` not going to happen '' to cuts to the state department 's budget .
three turkish nationals have been arrested in connection with a group of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in syria , the bbc has learned .
a power station in new york is to be removed from the open market in a bid to build a new power station .
league two club portsmouth have signed former england international midfielder james klich on a deal until the end of the season .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she is `` not going to stifle debate '' with the welsh government 's plans to create jobs in wales .
exeter city manager brian churcher says his side are `` making 70-plus tackles '' in the premier league title race .
an employee at a warehouse in cumbria has been cleared of breaking the horn of a forklift truck , a court has heard .
a remake of ghostbusters has been described as a `` fun oozes '' in the world 's most popular remake of ghostbusters .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the impact of the posture problem .
the national audit office has said it is `` no confidence '' in the department for education in england and wales .
labour 's shadow cabinet has said it will not frustrate the bill on the final deal of the eu referendum result .
warrington head coach marek betts expects his players to be `` lost some games '' in the national league after beating widnes 1-0 in their relegation play-off .
britain 's olympic gold medallist dame sarah peacock has pulled out of the world athletics championships in london on saturday .
northern ireland 's economy minister hutchinson hutchinson has been appointed by the northern ireland office for investment in northern ireland .
glasgow warriors wing adam bhatti has signed a new three-year contract with the premiership club until the end of the 2019 season .
league one side oldham athletic have signed brighton defender [unk] eagles for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
stoke city manager tony pulis says he is `` going back to stoke '' if he is to leave the club .
a man 's body has been found in a lay-by in derbyshire , police have said in a fresh appeal .
the amount of corn prices in the us has been hit by a drought and heatwave by the us federal reserve .
prime minister theresa may has said the prime minister must `` come up with the irish border '' with a `` cunning plan '' to deal with the eu referendum .
exeter city football club has won a # [unk] m profit for the first time in five years , it has been announced .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving at a hotel in aberdeen .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man at a river in dorset . 40 years , police have said .
a man has been charged with three counts of attempted murder after a prisoner richard walsh was found dead in a prison cell .
cheltenham town have signed defender phil atangana on a one-year contract following his release by league two rivals yeovil town .
it 's tough to connect with a simple equation - but it is not a big problem for many people who use pre-payment deals .
bank of england governor mark carney has been voted by the bank of england 's monetary policy committee -lrb- mpc -rrb- .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- ann-marie -rrb- is to investigate fraud and fraud in the uk on friday .
theresa may has said the uk should face a `` cliff edge '' if the uk votes to leave the eu .
three road baths in birmingham has been restored to the public for the first time in a decade , it has been claimed .
london irish head coach danny richards says saturday 's world cup qualifier against london irish is a `` better side '' .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in glasgow .
the family of a man murdered by a man who later died in prison have been told they must consider referring prisoners to a probation-approved premises .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 lost ground on wednesday , with surveyors saying they have a `` little bit brexit '' .
two children were taken to hospital after a car mounted a pavement and smashed into a barrier and smashed into a road in birmingham .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man outside a university in glasgow city centre .
venezuela 's president jose nicolas maduro has said he will not host the 2018 caribbean series tournament in venezuela .
the world 's first officially seen prime minister nicola sturgeon has spoken of the importance of campaigning in the eu referendum .
tributes have been paid to a man who died after being struck by a chicken factory in norfolk , his family has said .
the parents of a woman who died in a leak of carbon monoxide poisoning in china have said they are `` devastated '' by the death of her daughter .
a coach has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a coach who was hit by a lorry on the m20 .
japanese rider [unk] evans has become the first briton to win the world grand prix of the year 's second round .
the owners of a fosse park in cumbria have met in the city where new owners have said they are planning a `` better view '' .
a number of flights have been cancelled following a series of crashes on orkney and one of the uk 's busiest roads .
snp leader mike salmond has said he is `` finding out '' in the premier league after the uk voted to leave the eu .
league two side wigan athletic have signed former wigan athletic goals on a one-year deal following a successful trial .
a man has admitted causing the death of a man who was hit by a car while he was hit by a car .
cameras have been issued for the first time in a row over the use of the site of a glasgow cemetery .
the company behind the collapse of monarch 's civil aviation firm has said it is `` financially robust '' .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares on the ftse 100 ended the day higher as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected shares .
the remains of a newcastle united fan have been banned from the football club for failing to return to the club .
the football association 's football association -lrb- crues -rrb- says it is `` not over the job '' when they host linfield in saturday 's round of the europa league .
michael dunlop marked his return to the isle of man tt to become the first rider to win the isle of man tt races .
nottingham forest defender phil mackie has signed a new two-year contract with the league one club , keeping him at the club until the end of the season .
welsh rugby union -lrb- reappearance -rrb- is to squeeze on a range of plans for the 2019 world cup in wales .
chris and phil snyder have said they are `` moving forward '' about the release of the han solo podcast .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in paisley in the early hours of sunday .
universities in england and wales are `` left with no alternative offer '' after the university of england 's university -lrb- ucu -rrb- said it was `` left with no alternative offer '' .
us president donald trump has said he has `` no issues '' with donald trump as president of the united states .
great britain 's swifty swifty has died at the age of 27 . become the first briton to be named in great britain 's team .
arsenal ladies captain [unk] nobbs has signed a new four-year contract with the women 's super league one club .
one of scotland 's most famous musicians , robbie , has been inducted into the hall of fame in london for the first time .
celtic manager brendan griffiths has said the club are `` fired up again '' for the year to june 's champions league game .
floods across the states and mississippi are continuing to cause flooding and flooding continues to spread across the region .
brazil 's kaka has been ruled out of the africa cup of nations in gabon because of a calf injury .
twenty one pilots occupy the highest number one album in the uk singles chart in the first week of the year .
the parents of a man shot dead in a m62 in bradford say they are `` not in america '' .
jetstar airways has appointed its first female chief pilot to fly around the world with a female chief pilot .
police in eastern france say they have arrested a number of people in connection with the redevelopment of gezi park in istanbul .
a woman has been found guilty of aiding and abetting her husband to pay her husband chief executive caps .
a man has been arrested and charged with murder following violent scenes in edinburgh following a serious assault in edinburgh .
a man in armagh has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a man in armagh .
a council leader has been suspended over allegations he made up to # 25,000 in a legal challenge against a carmarthenshire council .
in our series of letters from african journalists , there is no evidence that many people have been killed by crush syndrome .
the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- has said it is `` proper '' that the firm has suffered difficulties as a result of a result of the firm 's affordability checks .
britain 's pooley pooley says she will compete at the 2016 rio olympics after winning her second gold medal at the rio olympics .
the musician 's mercury prize has won the mercury prize for the first time in more than 20 years .
scotland defender joe robertson has been ruled out of the rest of the world cup after injuring his calf muscle .
oil and gas firm woodside has reported a big jump in half-year profits , boosted by sales of oil and gas firm woodside .
the thai senate has approved a controversial national strike by the thai senate , despite opposition from the governing coalition .
plans to build a # 120m warehouse in newport have been revealed by the welsh government . said it would be one of the world 's most important vessel .
great britain 's [unk] burnell won his first olympic games of the season with victory in the first single race of the season in rio .
britain 's olympic champion usain farah was knocked out of the 5,000 m diamond league at the track cycling world championships in london .
britain 's johanna konta has been knocked out of the aegon championships in the third round of the australian open .
china 's economy grew by 0.6 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 lost ground on wednesday , with the us federal reserve meeting in the first three months of the year .
blackpool children have been asked to extend their free school breakfast in a bid to save money for pupils .
india 's railways has said it will not investigate the derailment of a maoist insurgency in the capital , india .
a police officer has been charged with breaching control orders from a police station in the republic of ireland .
scottish labour leader kezia cooper has said he is `` one of a moral opposition '' to fight the renewal of the trident nuclear weapons .
the energy firm scottishpower is to tailor its energy firm scottishpower after it said it would be able to buy energy and electricity in the uk .
co-op insurance is to split out of its co-op insurance , the co-op has said , after it said it had no claims of bonus protection .
ireland 's world cup-winning coach stuart simmons has been appointed head coach of the irish premiership , the republic of ireland 's world cup captain .
the father of a afghan woman who was allegedly gang raped in afghanistan in afghanistan has told the bbc he wants justice to save other women .
arlene foster has been elected leader of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- leader in the wake of monday 's general election campaign .
welsh labour leader jim simpson has been elected the new leader of the local authority , the council has said .
nigel farage has said he will not give the uk to the uk to leave the eu if the uk leaves the eu .
plans for a new packhorse bridge in aviemore have been put up for sale in a bid to save money .
chesterfield have signed chesterfield defender dominic gnanduillet on loan until the end of the season , subject to international clearance .
the 2017 women 's cricket world championships will be held in the final of the 2017 women 's cricket world championships in london .
spears star bryan spears stole the limelight at the top of her show at the end of this year 's pre-recorded changes .
the overspend on the network of the uk 's network of the network has been called off by the end of the year .
at least two people have been kidnapped and two injured in a ransom operation in libya , officials say .
premiership club saracens have agreed a deal to sign australia scrum-half dave porecki for the 2016-17 season of 2017 .
calvin pavey 's hopes of winning gold in the women 's singles final were dashed as she made history at the 2014 commonwealth games in glasgow .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has accused the prime minister of being `` too soft on extremists '' in the wake of the terror attack in london .
samsung 's galaxy note 7 has been shut down by the samsung electronics company after it said it had no intention to leave it .
billy billy , who was injured in a car accident while trying to ride in the le mans 24 hour , has died at the age of 47 .
the shortlist for this year 's new york film critics circle has been named as the winner of the new york film critics .
it 's been a long time for the bbc radio 4 breakfast show on bbc radio 4 's today programme .
a police officer has been painted on the tour of britain cycle race in a bid for a cycle race .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a active role in the future of the welsh government .
manchester united were relegated to the top of the premier league as they were held to a draw at cambridge .
a photograph of a friend shot dead outside a railway station in north wales has been shot by a friend .
kieron oztumer 's first-half goal earned walsall a narrow win at swindon in the league one play-off race . tried to climb out of the league two table .
the uk 's economy shrank in the first three months of the year in june , according to official figures .
a new frog frog has been found in borneo in the south east of the year , according to new figures .
a gothic college is to be converted into a gothic park to create a new university museum in ceredigion .
a woman has been arrested after being attacked by a group of staff at a house in greater manchester .
police officers in england and wales have launched a crackdown on a hate crime unit in the capital , london .
a woman has been charged with threatening to shoot a 16-year-old girl at a football academy in east sussex .
miranda miranda has revealed she is quitting her west end visit to the west end stage in her home .
a number of people have been injured in a spate of attacks on police officers in newry , county down .
five men have been charged in connection with a disturbance at oxford street in the early hours of november .
cameras have been removed from the building of a derelict building in oxfordshire that could allow people to be removed from the site .
katie hopkins has said he is `` one of the reasons '' he has turned into a spin-off series .
david millar has become the first briton to be named in great britain 's squad for next month 's tour de france .
the nhs in south gloucestershire has been fined # 70,000 for failing to properly investigate child sexual exploitation , the bbc has learned .
more than 300 objects from a lincolnshire museum have been discovered at a museum in scunthorpe , the art centre has said .
a man has been arrested after a man was injured in a m62 crash in liverpool , police have said .
british number two kyle edmund is out of the tour de france after suffering a stroke in the second round at wimbledon .
dieudonne [unk] dieudonne phil dieudonne has been released from prison in france after being released by the justice minister over his role in the paris attacks .
portadown have been suspended from the football league after failing to agree a one-match ban , the irish football association has said .
the bbc has announced plans for a new digital service in the uk to be made available in the world 's biggest expansion of the world .
scientists have discovered a patch for heart attacks in a lab in the us city of stanford university -lrb- stanford -rrb- .
police investigating the rape of a teenage 11-year-old boy in east london have been released without charge , police have said .
the death of a londonderry schoolboy police officer has prompted a plea from the government to establish the `` fabric of our national life '' .
a woman has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after two people were rescued from a burning fishing boat in peterhead .
great britain 's great britain won a bronze medal at the world championships in glasgow in the first round of the track world championships in glasgow .
celtic 's hopes of reaching the top of the scottish cup ended with a point after they were relegated from the scottish premier league .
juventus came from behind to beat crotone and move top of serie a place in the champions league group stage .
albania became the first side to reach the africa cup of nations quarter-finals with a 1-0 victory over armenia in group b.
diwali celebrations have been held in india 's capital , diwali , after diwali celebrations in the city of diwali .
streaming services will be able to pay for more than # [unk] a year after the uk voted to pay # [unk] a year for television services .
an oil flag owner has been sold at auction for # [unk] m -lrb- $ [unk] m ; â # [unk] m -rrb- at an auction in london 's hyde park .
scientists are being urged to produce a mead drink with high levels of bovine tuberculosis -lrb- [unk] -rrb- in cardiff .
human remains have been found in the search for a man who was found with stab wounds at his home in dublin .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in a nightclub in ayrshire have released cctv footage of a # 20,000 reward for information .
jonathan rea extended his lead at the top of the world superbike standings as he lost overall points at the irish grand prix .
it 's a question : `` i 'm enough to be a fair ... it , '' says mp john nicolson .
an mp has been asked to stop parking restrictions on a memorial park in sheffield which is being held by french authorities .
england reached the one-day cup quarter-finals with a [unk] victory over south africa in the first test in johannesburg .
the parents of a 16-year-old girl who went missing in chicago say they are `` devastated '' by a chicago bomb attack .
scotland 's president robert clooney has launched a two-day visit to the white house in the city of edinburgh .
celtic came from behind to beat kilmarnock and move into the premiership 's top six and move up to third in the premiership .
british gold medal winning the olympic games in rio de janeiro has been the biggest factor in the history of the olympics .
sinn féin president gerry adams has said he is `` ready for the backlash '' after he was released from the irish parliament on sunday night .
wales forward hal north says he will carry out tries against italy in saturday 's world cup qualifier against italy .
a teacher who died after surgeons inserted her baby into her son 's breathing tube , an inquest has heard .
a man accused of trying to kill a toy car has been cleared of attempting to kill a toy car .
hampshire 's batsmen struggled in a goalless draw with a [unk] win over hampshire in the first day of the first test against warwickshire .
south africa spinner faf du preez has been named in the first match of the three-match twenty20 series against south africa .
striker jermain messi , who is best known for his head , has been given a bit of a success at the world cup .
adam lanza used his mother to kill a school in newtown , texas , on his home in newtown , texas .
a man has been taken to hospital after being rescued from a burning fence in the centre of the west midlands .
the nhs in england has been given the go-ahead for the first time in a row over drugs and drugs .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man outside a house in newcastle , australian police say .
formula 1 's governing body has complained that the safety car used to keep the championship points for the next two years .
olympic champion jason louie has become the first briton to win the 2016 olympic games in rio 2016 , the sport has confirmed .
a plan to build a new park-and-ride bridge in oxfordshire has been given the go-ahead by oxfordshire county council .
the company behind plans to sell bhs for # 500m has been announced by the pension regulator , which would see a 10 % reduction in their pension pot .
a new flower plant in edinburgh has been saved by a horticulture plant for the first time in decades .
carl and carl pistorius have said they were `` very difficult '' for the rest of the rest of his life .
the confederation of african football -lrb- anc -rrb- has confirmed that the northern ireland peace process will be held in the republic of ireland .
the management team behind manchester united 's premier league match with manchester united has been named as the new education college team .
a 15-year-old girl has been arrested after a woman was reported missing from her two-year-old son in rhondda cynon taff .
traffic changes have been issued for the first time in a new road junction in london , the transport secretary has said .
the story of a jaguar land rover on the isle of wight is expected to go on display in january .
wales manager chris gunter says he will deal with a `` one-man '' team for the world cup qualifier against serbia .
[unk] [unk] won the royal ascot at the royal ascot meeting at the royal ascot meeting at the royal ascot meeting on saturday .
a tidal energy farm in pembrokeshire has been given the go-ahead by the government 's plans to expand its energy farm .
northern ireland 's peace watchdog has been told to expect two former army bases in northern ireland , a report has found .
sir terry evans has paid tribute to sir terry fawlty , who has died at the age of 96 .
ukip 's new leader has been elected as the new leader of the border agency to tackle illegal immigration .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says he does not want to see his players to be linked to the premier league next season .
maintenance workers at london underground have voted to accept a new pay deal for the night tube service in london .
newport county chief executive neil davies says he is `` not sure '' about the future of newport county .
egypt 's prime minister nawaz shafiq has been suspended from the muslim brotherhood , the country 's supreme court has ruled .
two new maritime operations are to go on display in a bid to save money for emergency calls for the first time .
a hotline has been held in pakistan for the first time since the taliban bombing in kabul on friday .
a man has died and another has been injured after a bus crashed into a bus in the scottish borders .
a man has been jailed after admitting a string of sex offences against a young girl in a sex attack .
an mp has apologised for saying she was `` unreservedly '' to apologise for a graphic graphic from the height of the gaza conflict .
derbyshire all-rounder wilson wilson says they are `` desperate '' to go out of the world cup quarter-final in birmingham .
it 's time to see if you want to know about the future of finland 's social insurance industry .
scottish swimmers are among the winners at the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro in the first round of the olympic games in rio .
the nobel peace prize has been held in hosni mubarak in tunisia 's capital , vienna , in the capital , vienna .
the duke of cambridge has died at the age of 96 , the duke of cambridge has said . was one of the world 's most influential tennis players .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp has said he wants to leave the club beyond the future of the club 's new manager .
[unk] jenkinson jenkinson has been diagnosed with bowel cancer , his family has said , after he was diagnosed with prostate cancer .
a man has died in hospital after being attacked by a man at a house in east renfrewshire . ''
labour leadership contender yvette khan has been elected as the new conservative leader in the house of commons , the conservatives have said .
a new species of skin [unk] has been found in a wooded area in northern madagascar , scientists say .
australian film director james heard in the australian supreme court has ordered the release of a new film about the dogs .
welsh secretary alun cairns has said the welsh government is `` more likely '' to be done to work out of the welsh assembly .
activity in the us federal reserve has fallen to its lowest in three years , according to a new report .
everton have been granted permission to build a new stadium to build plans for a new village in liverpool .
celtic manager neil archibald has `` learned a little bit more abroad abroad '' , says manager neil archibald .
two young children have been rescued from the top floor of a nursery in east sussex , police have said .
a man has appeared in court charged with making a terror attack on a police station in east london .
a man has died after being hit by a car in the early hours of the morning in the scottish borders .
south africa 's anglican nelson mandela have called for an inquiry into assisted dying from the 1961 mandela issue .
arsenal eased into the top of the premier league with victory over birmingham city ladies in the first half of the season .
at least 26 people have been killed and another injured in a crash on a train in the us state of east anglia , officials say .
us president donald trump has said the us is `` impossible '' for the first time since the un summit in the united states .
celebrity big brother 's contestant has been forced to pull out of the house of the celebrity big brother .
actor tony webster has died at the age of 83 , his family has said . valentine 's day .
championship leaders wolves came from behind to beat wolves and move into the championship 's top six and move up to fourth in the championship .
two people have been arrested in malaysia in connection with an attack on a woman in syria , police say .
a female cyclist has died after being hit by a car in east london , the mayor of london has said .
the us supreme court has ruled that president barack obama was woven into the `` fabric of america '' .
police officers in newport have been granted permission to remove a camp of rodney parade sports ground in newport .
ronnie o'sullivan 's hopes of winning the world championship title came from behind to claim his first world championship title win .
cervical cancer in scotland may be even greater than 80 % of cervical cancer , a study has found .
mae undebau athrawon yn ymweld â ' r [unk] ysgolion yn cael ei ddefnyddio o [unk] , yn ôl llywodraeth cymru .
it 's been a good year for the united states in the world 's top six nations on saturday .
afghanistan 's independence concert has been held in the afghan capital , kabul , after the death of kim sayeed .
atletico madrid forward fernando griezmann has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
tiger woods has said he wants to return to action after suffering a sleep disorder at the end of last year 's tour de france .
a puppy cub has been rescued after getting into difficulty swimming in a garden in the garden of swansea .
a cheshire council has been suspended after a disciplinary panel ruled it had been suspended from its chief executive .
rhys prydie and joe nic scored tries as dragons earned a narrow victory over newport gwent dragons in the first game of the season .
a man has been refused entry to protest at a restaurant in kent where he was approached by a restaurant .
a woman who raped and sexually abusing girls at a israel school has been ordered to appeal against future extradition proceedings .
reintroducing forests around the world could help protect water , according to a new analysis of reintroducing forests across the country .
the death of a man who was missing from a flat in county down is being treated as murder , police have said .
tickets for a euromillions jackpot have been revealed as the biggest lottery in the uk to take the top euromillions prize in the uk .
a man in the indian capital , delhi , has gone viral in the us state of tamil nadu , where women have complained about the safety of women .
turkish oil minister [unk] yaalon has said the turkish government is `` not to be part of any kind of cooperation '' .
chinese shares fell sharply on friday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected interest rates for the first time in the year .
the world 's leading scientists say they are `` extremely concerned '' about the future of india 's currency .
the pakistani army has carried out a controlled explosion on a pakistani military base in indian-administered kashmir , reports say .
great britain 's laura muir and greg mccolgan have paid tribute to athletics at the world athletics championships in glasgow .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a 21-year-old man in north-west london , police have said .
the government has been accused of failing to sell pupils ' schools in england and wales , a union has said .
a council leader has been charged with membership of the conservative leadership of the conservatives and the liberal democrats .
a man has been arrested in connection with a search for a man who was missing in the early hours of saturday .
the first minister arlene foster has said he is `` no intention of confidence '' in the wake of a dispute over the running of common grazings at lewis .
spain 's opposition leader donald trump has said he will vote against the country 's politics , as he seeks to push for a new government .
scientists have discovered a new way to get your own telomeres from the age of just a few years .
a woman has died after being hit by a car in the borders , scotland yard rescue service has said .
nintendo has said it will not buy dead pixels in the fourth games console in the next few days .
a `` strong ethic '' for police and crime commissioners has been criticised by the police and crime commissioner for gwent police .
anglo american 's share price of oil has fallen to its lowest level for six years , according to the office for budget responsibility -lrb- 85,000 -rrb- .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder following the death of a man in a flat in nottingham .
russia 's foreign minister has urged russia to help tackle military incidents in the wake of the ukraine war .
tom barker has been replaced by the band 's director at the music awards in new york on saturday .
great britain 's liam seonaid won gold in the men 's 50m rifle gold medal at the world track cycling championships in ukraine .
ireland ran in seven tries in a twenty20 warm-up match against ireland in the first game of their three-match series .
the uk 's exit from the eu will be silent if the uk voted to leave the eu , the irish prime minister has said .
a horse has been charged with arson after a fire broke out at a recycling site in oxfordshire , local councils have said .
leicester city manager garry lineker says claudio ranieri is `` inexplicable '' and `` inexplicable '' after his dismissal at the club 's fa cup campaign .
the new york attorney general , greenberg greenberg , has been charged with misconduct by the us federal appeals court .
the shape of the body of a cancer cell in the us has been found in a tent , scientists have found .
the church of england 's orthodox church has been forced to apologise for a bust of the virgin mary who was born in crimea .
prime minister david cameron has said the department of education is `` very important and important '' in the future of grammar schools .
a new # 30m housing fund has been awarded a # 30m fund to help build a new housing fund .
an inquest into the death of a five-month-old baby boy has been dropped after the death of his baby daughter .
dolly [unk] 's distinctive novel has been implanted into the womb of a novel frankenstein dating back to edinburgh .
sir bruce hill is returning to the stage at the end of this month 's strictly come dancing line-up .
the welsh liberal democrats are to go on a `` blukip '' formula note on abusive zero-hours contracts , the welsh liberal democrats have said .
former business minister norman kikukawa has been charged with hiding millions of dollars in a accounting scandal that led to the cancellation of the accounting scandal .
the future of the uk forensics science market is to close , the home office has said in a private sector .
the family of a man who was shot dead in a [unk] in carmarthenshire say they have been honoured for his bravery .
you have ever seen anything like a pen with a pen or a pineapple , you can not afford to be a dj .
activity in the uk 's dominant service sector fell by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
england captain alastair cook has defended his second test against india after his side reached the last eight of the world twenty20 .
tickets for the 2017 sports personality of the year have been announced by the sports personality of the year .
germany 's fabian werner scored two late goals as germany beat mexico 1-0 in the first leg of their confederations cup semi-final .
wales cyclist becky james has been diagnosed with bowel surgery after suffering a knee injury in the olympic games in rio .
austrian forward [unk] alar has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury , reports bbc radio manchester .
a hospital trust has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors after inspectors found it at a neurological unit .
yahoo 's chief executive has said he is `` thinking '' about taking digest software to android wear smartwatches .
asda 's flagship asda has said it will increase its milk for milk in northern ireland for the first time .
prime minister david cameron has said he is `` attempting to switch to nursery for 30 hours a week for free early education or childcare .
a man has been banned from driving after he was caught speeding in a road in a hit-and-run crash .
sky sports presenter kim murray has become the first briton to become honorary president of the united states tennis association .
dragons captain wayne jones says the british and irish lions will have a `` look at him '' when they face scarlets in the pro12 .
a scheme to improve affordable housing across northern ireland is being considered by the environment minister , a report has found .
activity in the uk 's second largest economy fell by 0.5 % in the last year , according to a new report .
birmingham city midfielder paul cooper has signed a new two-year contract with the league one club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
west ham united football club will pay # [unk] m a year for rent , the department of justice has said .
carl mcgregor said he `` regrets thinking '' he would not read if he does n't read the age of his boxing career .
huddersfield town defender david wagner has signed a new three-year contract with the league one club until the end of the 2018-19 season .
astronaut tim peake has landed a list of scientists at the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- this week .
the simpsons has rejected a new pay deal for the simpsons , which has turned down a new contract .
in the summer , the cgi founder of the cgi founder , godin godin , has died at the age of 88 .
the parents of a scottish rugby player who died after being struck by a clash have paid tribute to her `` brave decision '' .
former arkansas governor mike huckabee has been elected as the new president of the united states , in the wake of the iowa caucuses .
sports direct has said it is `` very concerned '' about the use of zero-hour contracts in its uk stores .
a man has died in hospital following a crash on the outskirts of east belfast , police have said .
manchester city 's poor run of the women 's super league came to an end as they beat manchester city in the first leg of their europa league last-16 tie .
scotland boosted their hopes of reaching the last eight of the european challenge cup with a hard-fought win over japan in perth .
ukip leader nigel johnson has said he does not know his decision to run out of the tory leadership race .
the number of victims of rape and grooming offences in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , figures have shown .
twelve people have been jailed for smuggling drugs worth more than # [unk] were seized in a raid in cardiff .
french police have fired tear gas at a number of shops in the capital , brazzaville , in a protest against president barack obama 's bid for the presidency .
the first minister 's plan for the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme has been removed from office .
manchester united have completed the signing of striker memphis depay from psv eindhoven on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
preston north end have signed defender joel brownhill on a free transfer following his release by league one rivals barnsley .
the number of new accounts reported in the uk has fallen to its lowest in three years , according to a new report .
st johnstone captain stephen swanson has signed a new three-year deal with the premiership club . said . said he would retire at the club .
exeter city returned to the top of the league one table with a goalless draw at luton town in the fa cup first round .
the us military says it has carried out a major air strikes in the iraq war against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
belgian police have said they are looking for a `` black day of tragedy '' after the death of a man at a metro station in brussels .
the number of dangerous dogs seized by police in north wales has fallen by almost a third since last year , police figures show .
the conservative party has said it will take on the role of northern ireland 's main opposition leader owen smith .
england captain eoin swann says he is `` far off to be honest '' when he returns to the world cricket squad for sunday 's test series against india .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher as investors assessed for the first time in a row .
manager gareth southgate says england 's switch to ivory coast will be `` approved '' in the world cup .
a woman 's body has been found in a park in somerset , prompting a police appeal to trace it .
a stone stone is to be turned into a parish council after a motorist was hit by a motorist .
`` caravanning is a great photography project , '' says iwan jones , who has died at the age of 88 .
cornish pirates coach tom davies says he was `` justified '' to score the yellow cards in the national league final .
the closure of the forth road bridge should be scrapped , according to a report from the scottish government .
firefighters in northern ireland have been told they will not be allowed to get full pensions if they fail fitness tests .
the first woman bishop of st asaph has been ordained as the first woman bishop of llandaff in llandaff .
the array of a [unk] [unk] telescope have been named as the world 's smallest telescope for the first time in the us .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the biggest names in the world .
at least 34 people have been killed in a bomb blast in the somali capital , mogadishu , witnesses say .
plans to build a new # 120m centre in a pembrokeshire town have been approved by councillors in the scottish parliament .
in the wake of donald trump 's visit to bangladesh 's capital , dhaka , where he is bangladesh 's prime minister narendra modi .
the body of a man who went missing in thailand has said he is `` not go away '' after his body was found .
carrick rangers have confirmed they will have a `` good chance against ballinamallard '' in saturday 's scottish premiership match at ballinamallard united .
a number of people have been urged to help flood-hit areas affected by flooding across parts of north wales .
plans to build a high-speed rail station in the city centre have been approved by the city council for the first time .
south korea 's [unk] train has premiered in the first day of the cannes film festival , which has been wracked by the mers disaster .
footage : twelve of the uk 's leading bell ringers in the uk has taken place in the uk .
scotland 's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 world cup in russia will be a `` tough game '' for the world 's best players .
a us military officer has been shot dead in the us state of gujarat in 2015 , the us has said .
richard atwell has been named the best teacher of the year at the prestigious global education awards in los angeles .
us president elon musk has said the `` falcon fireball investigation '' has been destroyed in an explosion in cape canaveral .
a woman has been arrested in connection with the death of another man at a nursing home in antrim .
the body of a woman who was killed in a charity missionaries in kolkata -lrb- calcutta -rrb- has died , her family has said .
a spelling error was spotted over a co-op spelling error , it has been claimed by a spelling charity .
labour 's allowance would be a `` 21st century '' of # 10 a week , labour leader jeremy corbyn has said .
david haye and david haye have been knocked out of the heavyweight world heavyweight title in manchester on saturday .
a patient 's heart has been stolen from a kent village hall , after a patient was taken ill .
force india 's [unk] perez says he wants to leave the formula 1 season in the formula 1 season .
strathclyde university has been removed from campus leaks after complaints about celebrities ' icloud accounts were removed from campus .
iran 's president hassan rouhani has arrived in italy for the first time since returning to the islamic republic -lrb- is -rrb- .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has been found guilty of rape and murder by the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
a 12-year-old boy has been arrested after he drank water at a military base in japan , the bbc has learned .
singer tim streisand has called for a change to the name of the singer 's name siri from the us beach .
the idea of smoke-free public spaces in scotland has been `` harmful '' , scientists have said , after a number of levels of chemical compounds was harmful .
thousands of people have been killed in a mass brawl in the syrian city of tal tamr , a monitoring group of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
human bones have been found during a search for a man who was murdered in a garage in cambridgeshire .
dna is a `` vital role '' in the progression of blood cancer , according to scientists in the us .
prince george has become the first celebrity to win the bbc 's sound of the world . show he 's worth up to # [unk] .
the uk 's trade deal with the eu would be a `` decline in trade '' , a think tank has warned .
ontario will hire driverless cars in the us , canada and canada , canada and canada , canada and canada .
kanye west 's first ikea producer , ikea , has unveiled a new tv version of the glastonbury festival .
the family of a motorcyclist who died in a crash in the isle of man have said they are `` devastated and saddened '' .
surrey 's batsmen dominated day two against surrey at the ageas bowl on day two at the ageas bowl .
a three-year-old girl has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in rhondda cynon taff on saturday .
a postcard from the isle of man has been honoured at the isle of man to be celebrated in the english channel .
us technology giant zte has been ordered to pay $ [unk] m -lrb- â # [unk] m -rrb- to the us authorities over a deal worth $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
pope francis has attacked a number of people who were killed in an attack on a kenyan beach in the capital .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged threat at a football match in which a fan was injured .
a prison officer has told the bbc he believes it can be `` staggering '' for ex-offenders at the end of his death .
children 's progress made in the age of 16 had a parent with a parent with a degree , a study suggests .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us shares rose on friday as investors reacted to stronger-than-expected jobs figures in the first three months of the year .
us president donald trump has said he will pay $ 800m -lrb- â # [unk] ; $ [unk] m -rrb- for the white house in the us .
the canadian prime minister justin trudeau has been kidnapped and his girlfriend have been found dead in the philippine capital , davao .
facebook founder julian bich has said he is `` honoured '' by his passport to help him `` offensive '' his name .
ed miliband has said the conservatives will ever forgive labour if it wins the election in the general election .
a reactor at a care home in trawsfynydd has been put up for sale , the unite union has said .
a police force has launched an appeal to trace a three-year-old boy who wants children to see their children .
the parents of a woman who died in a motorbike crash in the brecon beacons have paid tribute to her `` inseparable '' father .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting a man in a knife attack in west yorkshire .
a couple in nepal have been ordered to pay their ascent for the first time since the death of a couple from the summit of the 8,848 .
the uk 's new nuclear power station contract has taken place in the capital , edf , with the aim of building a new nuclear power plant .
in the aftermath of the derby goals in the premier league , derby win the premier league title and the third day of the season .
local authorities in england have voted in favour of the local elections , the electoral reform society -lrb- 65,221 -rrb- has said .
an inquest into the death of a man at a hospital in county durham has been suspended by the department of justice .
a high-energy dance show has been charged with a series of trouble with the irish dance scene in memory of a dance show .
a naked woman has been sentenced to three years in prison for sexually abusing a girl on a flight .
australian troops have launched a joint air strike against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the afghan province of afghan .
kat page won olympic gold in the women 's olympic gold medal in rio , beating fellow briton kat [unk] .
the mother of a man murdered in manchester has said he is `` left '' by the police and crime commissioner for the murder of his victims .
a man has described how a wheelie bin was beaten with iron bars and iron bars while he was beaten with iron bars .
blair turgott 's late strike earned north ferriby a 2-1 win at the top of the national league table .
forest green rovers have agreed a deal to sign forest green defender phil davies for the rest of the season .
syrian katie [unk] has said she wants to become her running partner because she needs to be a marathon-running team .
glasgow warriors have been cleared of breaking concussion rules by the rugby football league . end of the 2016-17 season .
motherwell came from behind to beat dundee and move up to fourth in the scottish premiership and bottom of the premiership .
a hens have been hatched at a boar 's site in county durham in the early hours of thursday .
china 's front pages have been showing off the front pages of the front pages in guangzhou , china , in the wake of the south china sea .
it 's been a year since the death of a hotel in the tunisian beach town of sabi in the capital , gateshead .
the us army has filed a lawsuit against the construction of a pipeline which could disrupt the water supply of a pipeline .
west brom manager tony pulis has said the premier league club `` could end up '' in the premier league .
culture secretary greg oliver has been cleared of breaking press regulation over his alleged role in the leveson inquiry .
a new roll-out of the nhs in england and wales has been launched by the nhs in england and wales .
smacking all children in scotland should be a `` compelling case '' , according to a new report from the university of scotland .
a malaysian woman has been sentenced to four years in prison for visiting the mount kinabalu mountain in kuala lumpur .
the kingdom of the middle east and the middle east , the middle east and the middle east , is one of the world 's most important democracies .
the mother of a man who illegally crossed pakistan in india has returned home to bangladesh , his family has told the bbc .
the parents of a woman who murdered her sick baby have said they have been `` overwhelmed '' by her parents .
a man who died after being hit by a lorry while on the wrong carriageway on the wrong direction has been revoked .
the church of gwynedd is to consult on a formal consultation on plans for a new school in cyngor gwynedd .
a man has been arrested after a woman was killed in a crash on a dual carriageway in gwynedd .
a project to help young people in snowdonia has been launched by the society of the snowdonia society society -lrb- harold -rrb- .
a new service for girls and young women with cancer has been launched in a bid to save the lives of patients and young women .
leicester city manager craig shakespeare says he would be happy to see him become the club 's next manager .
the death of labour mp jo cox has been described as `` overwhelming and deeply gratifying '' by her husband .
israel has unveiled a new exhibition at the heart of the jewish jewish exhibition in the auschwitz death attack .
two police officers have been treated in hospital after a disturbance at a hospital in the isle of man .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he would change a border wall with a border wall with a border wall .
traders in perth and kinross have been asked to open their doors for the first thursday of promotion to the city centre .
the indonesian parliament has voted to allow new national leadership candidates to enter the presidential election in second place .
fifa president sepp blatter has said he would be `` jeffrey webb '' about his future as president of the united states .
a judge in germany has ordered a federal court to overturn a legal challenge against the police and crime commissioner for the murders of eight ethnic extremists .
police in south africa have arrested an 18-year-old student who has been shot dead in the capital , south africa .
wigan came from behind to beat league one leaders wigan athletic in the first round of the league cup .
thomas beale 's late try gave wasps a narrow victory over bath in the first six nations championship of the season .
colchester united and colchester played out a goalless draw in the championship play-off round after a goalless draw with colchester .
a man accused of trying to smuggle a gun at a house in county antrim has been struck off by a court in belfast .
britain 's vonn vonn broke her leg in the final round of the women 's world cup in sicily , austria .
jeremy corbyn has accused david cameron of making `` 40,000 replies '' as labour leader jeremy corbyn said he would be `` 40,000 '' in the european union .
former wisden , appleyard appleyard , has died at the age of 83 . [unk] . and ' most of the 2016 season .
the forth road bridge has been cancelled due to a `` disappointing weather disaster '' , the cabinet secretary has said .
inverness caledonian thistle manager justin christie says there is `` no way '' in scottish football 's youth systems .
it was a day that a candle in the house of the township of london 's hogmanay celebrations in the western isles of hogmanay has now gone on display .
young white men are the most likely to apply for university places in england , according to new figures .
a man accused of murdering pc dave semple has told a murder trial he was `` very happy '' to be restrained .
sarstedt eden sarstedt has died at the age of 72 , the family of the french national crime commissioner -lrb- [unk] -rrb- has said .
in the wake of kim berlusconi 's death in the italian capital , italy 's capital , italy 's capital , michel berlusconi , is one of the country 's most wanted criminals .
a woman who died after a crash on the alton towers theme park has been named by the charity event .
ryan sidebottom hit a century as yorkshire beat durham in a rain-affected game at the oval on day two .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in cape town in cape town .
it 's the most important thing happening in the argentine capital , buenos aires , in the wake of the argentine voting held by mauricio macri .
the number of prescriptions in acne in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
ukip leader nigel woolfe has said he wants an immigration system to help get net migration below the uk .
the number of babies with a cleft lip in the uk has been given the lowest rating of a cleft lip .
england will host england in their first match of the world cup qualifier against bangladesh in dhaka on friday .
the family of a woman who died after a load of psycho have said they are `` binned '' by the health trust .
britain 's chris froome retained his lead in the tour de france as britain 's chris froome retained the tour de france title .
a floating artwork made from the moon has been hung for the great hall of the great hall in bristol .
scientists have developed a new cement cement mix of the smallest scales in the uk 's nuclear reactors . 50 of the past 18 months .
honduras 's roman catholic church has begun an urgent agreement with the honduran government over its decision to allow a peace deal .
the royal welch of the royal goat has been unveiled in south africa 's royal goat hall , organisers have said .
a man has been seriously injured in a `` opportunistic attack '' in a paramilitary-style attack in west lothian .
private ambulances in england spent more than # 100m in 2014 , figures from the ambulance service have said .
malaysian prime minister najib razak has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the malaysian government 's handling of the malaysian government 's finances .
ukraine 's 2016 power cut has been blamed for a surge in cyber attacks in the capital , kiev .
`` margaret thatcher '' is the new mp for the democratic republic of congo , but it 's not to mention the thatcher government .
ivory coast international footballer adam tiote has died at the age of 47 , his family has said in his native ivory coast .
the uk government is planning to create a new spaceport in the uk 's first operational spaceport , the department for transport has said .
don gigginstown has been named the winner of the race for the first time in a row at aintree on saturday .
the extra money for care in england and wales has been hit by a lack of funding cuts , the bbc has learned .
a judge has been ordered to remove a judge 's decision to default on the grounds of the club 's tower in blackpool .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the biggest rise in the world .
olympic champion [unk] dusmatov won olympic gold in the women 's middleweight title in rio , beating fellow spaniard [unk] dusmatov .
england 's world cup qualifier against england has been `` seeded '' and `` lack of patriotism '' , says manchester united boss roy hodgson .
fibre broadband is to be sent to ceredigion council as part of a national eisteddfod 's # [unk] m eisteddfod .
a group of researchers say they have found a new way to breastfeed and breastfeeding babies in the uk .
the scottish parliament has been accused of making a `` significant mistake '' in brexit negotiations , the scottish parliament has said .
top gear presenter jeremy clarkson has been suspended by the french media after posting a bomb on social media .
us president donald trump 's stamp on a us-bound airliner in the us has been welcomed by the us government .
canada 's supreme court has ruled that canada 's prime minister nawaz oberlander applied for entry to his citizenship .
security researchers have discovered a smart device that could help monitor children 's attacks in the uk and other parts of the world .
cuba 's president , cubans castro , has said the country 's migration reforms could be debated by the country 's president .
in the wake of the 7 july battle of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in northern iraq have killed a woman in the city of the iraqi city .
cameras have been issued for police and crime commissioners across mid and west wales over the festive period . time of the button .
new york 's attorney general has been cleared of paying millions of pounds for the bbc over its contracts .
a primary school in birmingham has been rated `` inadequate '' by a senior ofsted inspector who has been rated `` inadequate '' by ofsted .
the number of people killed in the earthquake off the coast of rome has reached a record high for the first time .
a woman has been charged with the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in her home .
actor george cole has died at the age of 96 , his family has said . said he would be the next president of london .
theresa may 's brexit stance `` will cause real damage '' to the nhs in england , david cameron has said .
german chancellor angela merkel has said the german government should do more to support the agency 's collection of phone and internet data .
a police officer and two chinese tourists have been attacked and robbed in a bid to steal money from tourists .
a welsh blood service has been given a `` dangerous time '' after donors at the centre of a welsh blood service .
radioactive material has been found on a pembrokeshire tourist attraction off the north east coast of shetland , the bbc has learned .
typhoon haiyan devastated the coast of the philippines , killing at least 14 people and injuring 200 others , the city 's governor has said .
more than half of voters in the uk are being urged to vote to leave the eu , the electoral reform society society has said .
macedonia 's president joko hahn has said he is `` not decided '' to cut a knot , saying he wants to `` cut a knot '' .
david cameron has said he is `` deeply sorry '' for his resignation as the conservative leader of the house of lords .
a man who died in a drone attack on a pembrokeshire beach has been named by police as a precaution .
a kenyan woman who drank body lotion in the koran has said she was hiding in the room for her hiding daughter .
former west indies bbl coach chris gayle says he is `` not blushing '' in his attempt to become the first bbl team to host the big bash league .
the prime minister has urged the uk to allow the uk to limit the amount of tax to new eu migrants for up to four years .
leigh centurions beat super league leaders leigh centurions a [unk] win in their first game of the season at headingley .
striker mark mead says she would be happy to see sunderland end up up to women 's super league one this season .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us shares fell sharply on thursday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the hong kong stock exchange .
a care company has said it will cut the price of its patients in the same boat off the same boat .
a man has been arrested after a suspected petrol bomb was stolen in county londonderry in the early hours of saturday .
it 's been a year for universities in the uk and the united kingdom of the year running international education .
crystal palace manager jurgen palace will stay at crystal palace next season , says manager jurgen klopp . show his season-long loan deal .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have paid tribute to the duke and duchess of cambridge , catherine william .
japan 's economy grew by 0.6 % in the first three months of the year , according to official figures .
bananas have been banned from bananas in the eu referendum result in the wake of the eu referendum result .
japan 's benchmark nikkei share index rose sharply on wednesday as investors reacted to concerns about the chinese economy .
a woman has been seriously injured after she was hit by a car in aberdeen , police have said .
marcus yafai scored his first hat-trick of the season to give birmingham a dramatic victory in the first round of the champions league .
three people have been killed in a gas attack on a walsall football club in the tunisian capital , sandwell .
wales coach warren gatland wants wales to leave the club if they are to step down , says former wales captain jonathan thomas .
finding dory has topped the list of the uk 's most popular actors , with a record price of # [unk] m .
defending champion novak djokovic reached the third round of wimbledon with a 6-4 7-5 win in the first round of the australian open .
it is a day that a deadly bomb attack on a border town in syria has killed at least 18 people and injured more than 200 injured in the border with turkey .
doctors in england and wales have called for the government to discuss plans for a seven-day nhs in england and wales .
the internet day is a big problem for safer internet day , but it is n't only one change .
ray mckinnon 's first-half strike earned raith rovers a narrow win over highland league leaders dunfermline athletic in the scottish league cup .
yorkshire and yorkshire will play their first day-night test match in england next year , says the club 's director of cricket .
australia has agreed to sign a live cattle industry deal with china to allow cattle off the coast of china .
a man who was evicted from a hospital in suffolk has been given a 12-month conditional discharge from hospital .
elinor barker 's first female tennis player is a great british tennis team to compete at an indoor paralympic games in rio .
a man has died in a statue of a statue of a statue of a 15ft old who fell on the tracks .
ballymena boxer jonathan calderwood was a head groundsman in the middle of the world cup - and i was n't the best groundsman in the world .
prime minister david cameron has said she would be `` surreal '' to deal with her prime minister 's questions .
at least two people have been killed and more than 400 injured in a suspected earthquake in sichuan province , officials say .
a number of people have been killed in a spate of fires in a derbyshire town , prompting a report .
west brom manager ronald pulis has been urged to visit west brom to strengthen their squad for next season .
the royal navy 's headquarters are to be held in germany for the first time in more than 70 years , the government has announced .
the parents of a woman who said they were `` still quite a matter of work '' have said he is `` very proud '' of the `` bongs '' .
saudi arabia 's president najib razak has ordered the payment to the saudi source of the saudi arabian prime minister najib razak .
a nuclear-powered submarine has been unveiled at a royal navy yard in barrow to mark the end of the 800th anniversary of the submarine .
a man accused of causing the death of a man at a hotel in glasgow has been told he was `` fit to return to work as a bus driver '' .
saracens have signed former leeds rhinos prop calum clark on a free transfer from leeds united , subject to international clearance .
billy root and billy root hit a career-best 255 as warwickshire reached the one-day cup for the first time in four years .
shrewsbury town extended their unbeaten run to seven games as they beat gillingham to go top of league one .
[unk] moser-proll won the world cup downhill world cup event with a dominant performance at the track cycling world cup .
a ferry has been hit by a fire at a ferry off the mayo coast in caithness , county antrim .
winds caused by torrential rain and winds across parts of wales have been cancelled due to bad weather conditions .
a new conservative mp has been appointed to the house of commons for the first time in the house of commons .
hillary clinton has been elected as the new president of the us federal reserve , the scottish government has said .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a syrian man in the syrian city of aleppo .
a man has been jailed for two-and-a-half years for posting messages online to a girl at a shopping centre .
in the aftermath of the ukrainian war in donetsk , a small village in the ukrainian capital , donetsk airport was an extraordinarily impressive territory .
thousands of people have taken part in a music festival in hawaii to help understand the impact of a high speed train .
adebayo akinfenwa scored twice as wycombe wanderers came from behind to beat wycombe and move into the league two play-off places .
newport gwent dragons coach danny warburton has been given a new dual contract by the welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- .
doncaster rovers came from behind to beat doncaster rovers and move three points clear at the top of league one .
graeme mcdowell 's hopes of reaching the second round of the scottish open was dashed as he lost to fellow englishman matthew birdies in the second round .
the number of patients waiting for knee surgery in wales is `` unacceptable '' , a senior official has said .
robots are being used as a `` robot '' , the ted -lrb- technology -rrb- , the ted -lrb- technology -rrb- , is one of the most successful in the world .
a storm of the south west of england has been affected by flooding , as storm desmond hits the city 's capital .
the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 has been towed to the search engine , investigators have found that it has emerged .
barcelona have signed tottenham forward paulinho from corinthians for an undisclosed fee , thought to be about # 8m .
a bill banning smacking their children is being considered by police in the home of the communist party , it has been claimed .
ukraine 's president vladimir separatists and russian president vladimir separatists have called on russia to trigger a state tax opportunity for the first time .
tributes have been paid to former northern ireland broadcaster gerry gerry who has died at the age of 72 .
a collection of more than 2,000 items has been launched to mark the 75th anniversary of a fishing boat .
radiohead are to headline the final night of the t in the park music festival in strathallan , county tyrone .
drug rooms could be used to help prevent drug abuse addicts in wales , a police watchdog has said .
as the uk 's economy continues to grow , the country 's economy is slowing down the average interest rates .
former manchester united captain paul scholes has revealed he will retire at the end of the super league season .
eight of the children in northern ireland have gone missing in the past year , a police ombudsman has said .
the parents of a woman killed in a suspected sex smuggling trial may have been taken seriously , a court has heard .
cardiff is to host the champions league final at the principality stadium in cardiff on saturday . may . may .
a fire at a block of flats in aberdeenshire has been called off after a fire broke out in a blaze .
a man has been reunited with his mother after a [unk] -lrb- [unk] -rrb- [unk] won the prestigious national competition 's prize at the rio olympics .
a new film about the script has been unveiled in london 's west west end of the year to mark johnson 's death .
grown-up enid blyton is to be made available by the comic strip team for the first time in five years .
the world 's first caves caves in a nottingham beach have been found . been the first part of the new tour .
three men have been cleared of the murder of a care home manager in the republic of ireland last year .
it 's been a year since the death of charlie gard , the bbc 's milton nkosi has said .
the us federal reserve is expected to announce its stimulus package for the rest of the year to june .
the six nations will continue to grow in the six nations , according to the sport 's chief executive .
at least eight people have been killed in a fire at a low-cost factory in bangladesh 's capital , dhaka , officials say .
the scottish inquiry into institutional child sex abuse is to be investigated by the scottish inquiry into the abuse of children .
danny nesbitt 's resignation as ulster unionist party leaders have said they are `` very confident '' ulster unionist leader .
a 15-year-old boy has been attacked by a deadly german train bomb attack on a german train in germany .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man by dangerous driving after his car was discharged from a car .
a man accused of indecently assaulting a man in a `` wicked and wicked '' , an inquiry has been told .
a sketch by the ohio art company , andre cassagnes , has died at the age of 72 , the company has said .
business secretary vince bell has said he is `` not interested '' in the future of the closure of the ballymena factory .
burundi 's president ali rwasa has accused the government of trying to assassinate his wife and wife , who was shot dead .
the owners of duran duran have been charged in connection with a legal challenge over unpaid fees for fan club duran duran .
sir chris affleck has won the oscar nomination for the first time in the producers guild of argo , the bbc has confirmed .
motherwell manager mark mcghee was left out of the rest of the season after suffering relegation from the scottish premiership .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed in a street in chester .
dundee have signed defender phil johnston on a two-year deal following his release by scottish league one rivals kilmarnock .
music fans in the uk are being urged not to sell tickets only to u2 , the bbc has learned .
the isle of man steam packet service has been cancelled due to bad weather conditions in the isle of man .
a man has been killed in a crash on a motorway in enniskillen , county fermanagh , after a crash .
talktalk has said it is `` determined to identify '' talktalk customers ' data theft after the discovery of a cyber-attack .
the contenders for the first time in the iraqi parliament 's national alliance has been a key battleground in the country 's politics .
two police officers have been arrested in cologne on suspicion of terror offences , the german police have said .
chess champion [unk] carlsen has been crowned chess for the first time in the world chess championships in doha .
venezuela 's foreign ministry has rejected a call for venezuela 's president nicolas maduro , saying the country is in contempt of democracy .
a record number of people have been registered in the 8 june general election , the office for national statistics -lrb- electoral -rrb- has said .
the uk 's mobile phone industry is considering a legal challenge to the decision that concessions concessions to the uk 's mobile phone industry .
denmark 's economy minister has urged the uk to leave the european union if it wins the eu on thursday .
portugal 's main opposition parties have clashed over the government 's credit rating for the first time in a row .
it is one of the most important issues in the world 's newest school exams in the world , but it is not one of the most difficult things in the world .
burkina faso forward pierre-emerick koné has been ruled out of the africa cup of nations in gabon after suffering ankle ligament damage .
it was the biggest episode in the history of the uk 's most famous film rush , but it was n't a visible .
sheffield city council has been granted permission to build a new school on land to build a new school on land .
lewis has been officially appointed as the new host of lewis de reality service -lrb- stable-mates -rrb- in scotland .
the world 's first [unk] syringe has been put up for sale in the capital , delhi , for the first time in more than 20 years .
derby county manager mike martin says he is `` not contributing '' if he has been left out of the league one relegation zone .
a sculpture has been unveiled to build a grade ii listed 19th century ewes in the lake district in bristol .
the families of the rio de janeiro city of rio de janeiro have been demolition in the capital , rio de janeiro .
[unk] jayalalitha , the former president of india 's tamil nadu state , has died at the age of 82 .
dairy company muller has said it is `` concerned '' about a deal to buy dairy factories in the uk .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man in a `` cold and calculated crime '' .
roads across the highlands and islands have been hit by a large landslide in the highlands and bute , police have said .
the uk 's armed forces have been deployed to south sudan in the capital , south sudan , the first minister has said .
the wife of a pellet horse in northern ireland has called for an inspection of the council of northern ireland 's equine council -lrb- solariums -rrb- .
great britain 's [unk] ibarguen won olympic gold in the women 's individual individual sabre gold to win gold in rio .
the lib dems have accused the lib dems of `` no good reason '' for a judge calling for an injunction calling for an injunction .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares on the ftse 100 share index closed higher on friday as investors reacted to concerns about the impact of the chinese economy .
`` you 're a friend of basketball , but i do n't know what they do n't do anything . ''
bbc wales football manager gordon rush has won the welsh premier league title for the first time since the opening day of the 2016 season .
`` the most important thing you 've ever done , '' is one of the most influential figures in the history of the bbc .
britain 's men won the women 's singles final for the first time in the history of the women 's singles at the [unk] .
burkina faso has asked france to extradite stanislas sankara , who has been shot dead in burkina faso , a court has ruled .
china 's syngenta and chemchina have agreed a deal to sell food industry in a deal worth up to $ [unk] -lrb- â # [unk] -rrb- .
northern ireland fans have been urged to travel to the republic of ireland in saturday 's world cup qualifier against poland .
a man has been found guilty of attempted murder after a machete attack at a butcher 's store in flintshire .
a woman has admitted causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in greater manchester .
a us federal jury has filed a lawsuit against a porsche man who was killed in a car crash in california .
warwickshire captain steven bell has been ruled out of the rest of the county season after 18 months in charge .
the malala yousafzai is to star in a plaque to celebrate the life of a 16-year-old girl who was injured in a bus attack .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his wife and friend in a parasitic street in county antrim .
police are investigating the conduct of a school at a school in lancashire where a planned christmas holiday was `` a credible threat '' .
a new slide has opened in dublin to mark the first time since the death of a new [unk] slide .
partick thistle beat motherwell to go top of the scottish premiership with a hard-fought win over partick thistle in the scottish premiership .
-lrb- close -rrb- : shares in royal bank of scotland jumped as much as 9 % in the first day of the year .
more than 1,000 people have hatched at a nest in the isle of wight , the rspb has confirmed .
