when i first arrived in singapore , i did n't think it would be a runs business .
the irish football association -lrb- uefa -rrb- has confirmed it will reopen a match between northern ireland and the republic of ireland .
prime minister theresa may has been accused of using trident renewal of the trident nuclear weapons system .
us tennis star serena williams was involved in a collision with a car in the us state of florida , us media report .
the international tribunal in ghana has ruled that a un tribunal in the western isles of ghana is to be investigated by the international tribunal .
belfast city council has said it is `` deeply disappointed '' that belfast city council is planning to store the city of belfast city centre .
the bbc has apologised for filming a picture of the moment the fox was filmed on camera .
the mother of one of the victims of the hillsborough disaster has called for a new inquests into the hillsborough tragedy .
the uk 's environmental watchdog has called for a ban on fracking in the uk .
alongside alongside was one of the most influential women in the world .
sir tom jones has been confirmed as the new star of bbc music show the voice .
tottenham hotspur head coach greg dyke says the club will not be able to play in the premier league next season .
great britain 's women 's handball team have qualified for this summer 's olympics in rio .
jeremy corbyn has called for a `` revolution '' in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
china 's defence ministry has said it is `` appalled '' by reports of missile attacks on a chinese island in the south china sea .
head teachers are calling for a boycott of the so-called `` trojan horse '' scandal in the wake of the trojan horse scandal .
the election campaign is under way in the scottish parliament .
championship side leeds united have signed striker de de moved from middlesbrough for an undisclosed fee .
former exeter city defender ben butterfield says he is not worried about his future at the club .
the lawn tennis association -lrb- lta -rrb- has announced plans to create more than # 100m in funding for the next five years .
a former us diplomat who was kidnapped in syria last month has been released , state media say .
one of the uk 's biggest online retailer bhs is to close its doors for the first time .
a petition calling for a ban on parking at a berkshire hospital has been backed by the borough council .
a man has been jailed for life after pleading guilty to the manslaughter of a british poker player who was stabbed to death in a casino .
the scottish conservatives have made their first general election appearance since 1999 .
two people have been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a car in edinburgh .
a former psni detective has been found guilty of the attempted murder of a police officer in the republic of ireland .
a security alert in strabane , county antrim , has ended .
australia 's prime minister , malcolm turnbull , has resigned .
sevilla will face sevilla in the europa league second qualifying round after a narrow win over sevilla .
the welsh government has called for the uk government to take action to protect the uk 's steel industry .
a sheriff has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man at a block of flats in edinburgh .
a new # 1 coin has been unveiled to mark the queen 's 90th birthday .
a lion in south africa has been shot dead in a lion in south africa , officials say .
it is one of the most important nights in the world , and it is one of the world 's most famous refugees .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall have visited the house of prince charles for the first time in more than 50 years .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- says it is `` very concerned '' about the impact of chemical pollution in china .
england made it two wins from two in the world cup with a autumn victory over england at twickenham .
welsh premiership champions saracens have been drawn in the semi-finals of the rugby world cup .
in the wake of the death of founding father lee kuan yew , one of the world 's most famous sons , has died at the age of 91 .
a man who raped and sexually assaulted a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for nine years .
a caravan stolen from a cambridgeshire caravan park has been stolen from a caravan in cambridgeshire .
police in india say they have charged two men in connection with the lynching of a cricket match in the state of uttar pradesh .
france says it has arrested two suspects in connection with the killing of a police officer in the french capital , paris .
greig laidlaw scored a hat-trick as scotland came from behind to beat stade francais in the european challenge cup .
two teenagers have been charged with attempted murder after a man was seriously injured in a car crash in dumbarton .
a murder investigation is under way after the body of a man was found at a house in glasgow .
the island of horror is one of the world 's most important archaeological sites , which has been buried off the coast of kent .
league two side crawley town have signed former hibernian goalkeeper graham graham on a two-year contract .
microsoft 's new boss spencer spencer has given his first much-anticipated speech on the internet .
half-centuries from nick gubbins and adam voges helped middlesex to a four-wicket win over middlesex at lord 's .
plans for a new portishead airfield in gwynedd have been backed by the welsh government .
a baby girl has been found dead at a bus stop in conwy county .
a study has shown that british soldiers have been able to work on the front line of world war one , a study suggests .
as the uk voted to leave the eu , the bbc 's karen allen looks at why the uk voted to leave the european union .
the former head of mi6 , jeremy corbyn , has said he is `` very concerned '' by the uk 's decision to leave the eu .
lewis hamilton says mercedes are capable of winning the title race at the australian grand prix .
an inquest into the death of a teenage recruit at deepcut barracks in surrey may have been prevented , a coroner has ruled .
a man has been jailed for two years after being found guilty of indecent images of children .
us president donald trump has said he is `` very confident '' about the inquiry into alleged russian interference in the us election .
the scottish government has been asked to approve plans for a new # approve price project in the borders .
a new advertising watchdog is calling for the uk 's most popular tv channels to be `` symbol '' .
a man accused of killing two british tourists in the uk has been extradited to the uk .
the international space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- has completed its first attempt to launch the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
sri lankan police are investigating the death of a buddhist monk in the southern state of tamil nadu .
tall tall , the former governor of the international monetary fund , has been named as the new governor of the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- .
the family of a man who was killed in the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in iraq have been named by police .
the bbc has said it is `` appalled '' by the response to the paris terror attack on the us satirical tv show .
a `` depraved '' rapist who sexually abused two young girls has been jailed for three years .
the funeral of coronation street actor frank warren has taken place in manchester .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he is `` very confident '' of the championship club 's plans to sell the championship club .
thousands of people have lined the streets of leeds for the notting hill carnival .
us presidential candidate donald trump has called for a `` decline '' campaign for the us presidential election .
prostate cancer is a major issue for prostate cancer , according to a new study .
one of india 's biggest banks , dido talktalk , is being investigated by the indian government .
oscar-winning actress kate forbes has been named the world 's highest-paid woman of the year , according to forbes magazine .
tata steel has announced it is to close its operations in the uk .
former wales scrum-half jonathan hook has signed a new two-year contract with the premiership club .
when grandmother grandmother was killed by a mob outside a school in the western indian state of grapes , he was killed by a mob .
derry fought back from two points down to draw with derry in the all-ireland football semi-final at breffni park .
talks aimed at ending the dispute between junior doctors and medical staff in england have been agreed by the government .
the pilot of a plane that crashed into the runway at san francisco 's airport has been named as flight days .
southend united manager phil brown says midfielder nile ranger will miss the rest of the season because of a knee injury .
world number one ronnie o'sullivan says he has no intention of becoming the first player in the world snooker championship .
london is the most expensive city in the world , according to a new report .
former liverpool drummer jimmy jimmy has died at the age of 72 .
former england captain jordon forster has been appointed as the new head coach of the super league club .
an investigation is under way after a man was found to have been stolen from a church in the scottish borders .
league one 's bottom club coventry city will host league one side coventry city in the first round of the efl cup .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a car in northern ireland have paid tribute to him .
bbc radio 1 's new bbc radio 1 will be broadcast live on bbc radio 1 , the bbc has announced .
a ban on the sale of legal highs in the republic of ireland has been passed by the irish government .
wolves defender henry henry has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury .
hundreds of people have signed a petition demanding the closure of a ferry which has been earmarked for closure .
bangladesh 's friendly against bangladesh in dhaka on saturday has been described as a `` security review '' .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
france 's far-right leader marine le pen , the far-right leader of the far-right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- , has told the bbc he is a `` grave '' and `` left-wing '' .
the number of items made to shoppers in the uk is expected to rise , according to the royal mail .
the chief executive of the royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has called for an independent inquiry into the conduct of its chief executive .
the bbc has announced it is to write an award for the bbc 's new book of the year award .
the republic of ireland 's parliament has passed a bill that would allow abortion in the republic of ireland to obtain abortion .
in the wake of the attack in paris on sunday night , the bbc 's watchful stop looks back at the scene of the attack in paris .
the number of men living in life expectancy in the uk has more than doubled in a decade , according to a new study .
a 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a teenager died in a crash .
wales came from behind to beat wales in their opening world cup warm-up match in cardiff .
more than 1,000 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a volcano in indonesia .
bbc presenter jeremy paxman has told bbc radio 4 's today programme that the bbc 's coverage of the bbc is `` beard '' .
world number one rory mcilroy will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the us pga championship .
nigeria international midfielder bissouma bissouma has signed a two-year contract extension with the championship club .
teachers have been criticised by a teachers ' union for posting racist comments on social media .
hundreds of people have been evacuated from floods in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh , officials say .
all pictures are copyrighted .
the uk government has announced it will ban a ban on so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
scarlets wing liam williams will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury , says scarlets head coach wayne pivac .
newcastle falcons have signed hooker rob evans on a one-month loan deal from newcastle falcons .
northern ireland 's world number one rory mcilroy has pulled out of the tour de france because of a wrist injury .
plans for a # 25m redevelopment of manchester city centre have been approved by the city council .
the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has been destroyed by so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the iraqi city of mosul .
welsh rugby union chief executive martyn phillips says he wants to use his world heavyweight title fight with wladimir klitschko .
hundreds of workers in the uk have been working out of work by the home office in the uk .
online retailer amazon has said it will invest $ 1bn -lrb- # heavy ; $ avoidance -rrb- in the uk in a deal worth $ 1bn -lrb- # heavy -rrb- .
italy coach antonio conte has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
a turkish military jet has been killed in a plane crash in northern syria , the turkish military says .
it 's one of the most colourful hills of the 20th century , a mafia in the us state of cesare , in the us state of louisiana , is one of the world 's most famous land .
an inquest into the death of a man whose body was found on a beach in gwynedd has been described as a `` disaster '' .
the popular game of popular popular game nguyen bird has been removed from the game .
the us space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has successfully completed its first test at the falcon rocket launch in abu dhabi .
a genetically modified stem cell is being developed in a bid to stem the risk of developing human embryos .
after being named in the scotland squad for the world cup qualifying campaign , bbc scotland 's football expert mark carney looks back at the end of the season .
dundee united midfielder goodwin goodwin has been banned for two matches after being found guilty of assaulting a dundee united player .
it 's been a year since paul gascoigne was one of football 's most famous football players .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
a man who went on the run after being caught with a 15-year-old girl has been jailed for three years .
more than half of secondary school places in england are unable to get their own school places , a bbc investigation has found .
a boat carrying migrants into the mediterranean sea off the libyan coast has been killed by a boat , coastguards say .
two men have been jailed for their part in the murder of a gang of masked men in fife .
the building of a former theatre in lancashire has been given the go-ahead by the government .
chesterfield moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with victory over 10-man chesterfield .
north korea has fired two short-range ballistic missiles into the sea , the us military says .
the bank of england 's chief economist has said he is `` very optimistic '' about the impact of global economic growth .
us secretary of state john f kennedy has said he is `` very disappointed '' by the fbi 's response to the fbi 's handling of the us election .
a bbc investigation has found evidence of child sex offences against a teenage girl who was convicted of child sex offences .
scottish football association chairman pete wishart has called on the scottish football association to introduce a ban on gambling .
shares in china 's biggest e-commerce company , the world 's biggest online retailer , have filed for $ fastest -lrb- # rapidly -rrb- in china .
the president of the democratic republic of congo , joseph kabila , has been sworn in as president of the democratic republic of congo .
the police service of northern ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been suspended .
charlie austin scored a late winner as southampton came from behind to beat southampton in the premier league .
facebook has launched a new project that allows people to use the maps of the internet .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was seriously injured in a suspected upper incident .
all pictures are copyrighted .
germany 's economy grew by 0.6 % in the first quarter of 2016 , according to the latest official figures .
a police force in northern ireland has apologised after a police officer was racially abused on social media .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has called for a ban on smacking children born in australia .
police investigating the murder of a young woman in south lanarkshire have made a fresh appeal for witnesses to come forward .
it 's been a busy year for apple 's new iphone .
the site of didcot power station in the republic of ireland has been demolished , the company has said .
a top venezuelan official has been arrested on suspicion of involvement in the killing of president nicolas maduro in the capital , caracas .
warren gatland has been named in the british and irish lions squad for the first test against new zealand .
facebook chief executive peter thiel has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by the social network 's decision to stop facebook founder peter thiel .
a german court has ruled that a syrian refugee party has been expelled from entering the country .
the health secretary norman lamb has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future of the nhs in england .
a south korean woman has been suspended for three years for allegedly attacking a woman in south korea .
a man has been arrested after a device was found at a house in londonderry .
a coroner has called for an inquest into the inquest into the deaths of two protestant workmen in northern ireland .
one of the world 's most famous actors , playwright dickens , has died at the age of 93 .
a german court has sentenced a german man to 18 years in prison for the murder and murder of a german missionary in the netherlands .
all images are copyrighted .
author hilary blackman has been named waterstones book of the year for the first time .
a woman who died after being hit by a car has been awarded a high court ruling .
republican presidential front-runner donald trump has said he will pay for the wall of his mexican counterpart , enrique pena nieto , after his visit to mexico .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing in plymouth .
barnet extended their lead at the top of league two to five points with a comfortable win at hartlepool .
a man has been banned from driving for two years after pleading guilty to causing the death of a man by careless driving .
a man has died after he was hit by a car in county donegal .
south africa test captain hashim amla has announced his retirement from international cricket .
celtic have completed the signing of midfielder thomas rodgers from celtic for an undisclosed fee .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the roman catholic church .
us republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he is `` shocked '' by the lack of support for the white house .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in bedfordshire .
women 's super league one champions birmingham city ladies were held to a goalless draw by birmingham city ladies .
plans for a new arena arena in bristol have been given the go-ahead by the city council .
gylfi sigurdsson says swansea city 's poor start to the season was a huge blow to swansea 's poor start to the season .
a review is to be carried out into a review into the future of the london terror attacks , a former head of staff has said .
in the wake of the brexit vote , the welsh government has announced that the welsh government 's decision to leave the european union was `` not acceptable '' .
a protest has been held in a bid to stop smoking in a berkshire town .
plans for a new court in norfolk have been given the go-ahead by the government .
partick thistle manager dave osman says he does not want a new contract with partick thistle .
world champion marc marquez won his first grand prix of the season with victory in the motogp grand prix .
a man has been jailed for six years for raping a woman in a `` cowardly '' attack .
hundreds of rohingya rohingya migrants have drowned in myanmar 's aceh province , officials say .
andy murray and novak djokovic will take on andy murray in the french open final at the french open .
the former head of the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- , franco hitler , has apologised to the international paralympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- over his actions .
a plaid cymru councillor has been suspended after posting anti-semitic comments on social media .
a man has been shot dead by a gunman in the belgian city of nice , police say .
taiwan 's tsai ing-wen is one of the most powerful countries in the world .
the first test against the british and irish lions in the first test against the british and irish lions in the first test against the british and irish lions .
leinster moved up to third in the pro12 table with a bonus-point win over the scarlets at the rds .
a parish councillor has called for the first time in his bid to become the first person in the uk to be elected in the uk .
a new # 150m hospital in somerset has been given the go-ahead by the government .
us president donald trump and his wife atlantic here have become the first in the uk to join the european union .
hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from a dorset harbour .
a sydney school in australia has banned students from entering the country because of a lack of support .
a court in mauritania has ordered the release of a prominent blogger who was sentenced to death for insulting the prophet muhammad .
a police officer has been arrested in connection with the police ombudsman 's new police ombudsman .
a woman has baked her cake for the first time in 50 years to raise money for a cake maker .
great britain 's squad for selection for the rio olympics have been criticised by the sport 's governing body .
a community library in powys has been given the go-ahead by the council .
one of the uk 's most birds birds has returned to the uk for the first time .
two journalists have been shot dead by police in the northern mexican state of veracruz .
pope francis is to visit kenya 's capital , kampala , in his first visit to the country .
the number of people diagnosed with cancer rates in wales has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to new figures .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene reflects on the aftermath of ebola in sierra leone .
one of australia 's biggest bottles , twe group , has rejected a bid to buy twe , the world 's biggest drinks bid .
a number of flights have been cancelled at dublin airport in the republic of ireland .
a man has been found guilty of child sex offences in belfast .
the owner of banksy 's dismaland has said it has been `` overwhelmed '' by the number of visitors to the seaside resort of weston-super-mare .
two men have been arrested after a golf club was attacked at a golf club 's golf club .
youngster , ridden by trainer willie mullins , won the grand national at aintree to win the grand national at aintree .
torquay united have signed defender scott anderson from national league side torquay united for an undisclosed fee .
kilmarnock have agreed a deal to sign midfielder alex davies on a two-year deal following his release by hearts .
leeds rhinos director of rugby dan carter says the club will not be able to return to the club after the end of the season .
a mental health trust in lincolnshire has been rated `` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
a south korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a military officer in south korea .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union .
a man has been reunited with his owner after he was caught with a cat in a shop in cardiff .
the fbi has confirmed it is investigating the alleged theft of nude photos of celebrities in the us .
a former leeds united head coach has been sacked after being sacked by a tribunal .
the united nations is preparing to become the first country in the world to become the next president of the united states .
pakistan 's cricket board has said it is `` disappointed '' by pakistan 's decision to withdraw from the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- .
bournemouth midfielder danny wilson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a group of dolphins in the spanish state of spanish have been rescued from the sea off the coast of mexico .
one of the uk 's most popular document , abba , has sold for # 1962 at auction .
royal bank of scotland has reported a sharp fall in the number of uk banks being tested in the first half of the year .
national league side chester have signed defender lloyd lloyd from national league side chester on a two-year deal .
the uk government has published a draft effort to tackle the use of electronic devices in the internet .
a chinese man has died after being hit by a car in the southern state of qingdao , state media report .
the chief executive of wales ' health watchdog has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future of a mental health unit in wales .
fleetwood town have signed midfielder david davis from league two rivals fleetwood town for an undisclosed fee .
leicester missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they came from behind to beat leicester in the premier league .
the indian government has announced plans to buy online drug sales for the first time in more than two years .
northern ireland midfielder kris mcallister has joined irish premiership side crusaders on loan until the end of the season .
a 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death at a school in leeds .
lee westwood says he has no regrets about becoming the first man to win the masters at royal birkdale .
scotland 's 16-year-old 16-year-old has become the first scot to reach the scottish open final for the first time .
former world number one michael van gerwen won his first title of the season with victory in the suffolk championship final in ipswich .
plans to build a new woodland near stonehenge have been submitted to the county council .
kilmarnock manager lee clark says he will be `` proud '' for his side to avoid relegation from the premiership .
councillors have voted in favour of planning permission to demolish a hotel in perth .
rb leipzig have become the first club in europe to be shut down by the end of the year .
the bbc 's andrew marr looks at the numbers of migrants who travelled to the southern indian ocean .
the authorities in mexico 's capital , buenos aires , have begun a week-long strike in the capital , caracas .
oscar pistorius , the man accused of murdering south african athlete oscar pistorius , has told the south african athlete oscar pistorius of killing his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
a bank of scotland bank has been fined # 180,000 for failing to pay cash for a cash machine .
one of the world 's most famous actors , the commentary , has been named as the new star of the us film industry .
dundee united manager mixu paatelainen praised his side 's resilience after their 1-1 draw with st johnstone .
nigeria 's main opposition party , the main opposition party -lrb- biggest -rrb- , has won elections in nigeria 's presidential election .
the uk 's top law officer has urged the uk government to `` qualify '' the uk 's relationship with the european union .
a section of the canal which has been closed for more than two weeks is to close .
landlords in england and wales will soon be allowed to move home in the uk under new government plans .
hundreds of bottles of litter have been found dumped in the uk last year , according to a survey .
the us department of justice has released details of one of the world 's most powerful tools to be classified by the cia .
the edinburgh international festival is to celebrate its 70th anniversary .
the editor of the daily telegraph , nathan gill , has died at the age of 77 , his publisher has confirmed .
former england striker jimmy greaves has died at the age of 58 .
thousands of spectators have taken part in the first stage of the 2017 grand prix .
the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- has been criticised for failing to properly investigate the awarding of kids and children in england .
john swinney , george osborne , john swinney , john swinney , george osborne , john swinney , george osborne and george osborne .
ukip leadership candidate suzanne evans has announced she will not stand in the party 's leadership contest .
wrexham have appointed dean keates as their new manager on a two-year deal .
the body of a woman found dead in her home in west yorkshire has been named as joan lindsay .
chelsea are one of the most successful premier league games in the history of the premier league .
a group of iranian women has been suspended from entering the country after a row over comments made by the country 's governing body .
oldham athletic 's league one game against oldham athletic has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
the number of homeless homeless people in scotland has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to new figures .
a man has been arrested after an armed robbery at a house in windsor , county antrim .
the conflict in syria is one of the most important issues in syria 's history .
northern ireland 's rory mcilroy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the fedex championship in california .
a man has been rescued from the roof of a house in greater manchester .
the world 's largest marine marine group has announced plans for a new marine marine reserve in the pacific ocean .
more than a third of prescription drugs in england and wales have been given a licence by the uk government .
mae llywodraeth y du wedi dweud na fydd yr undeb ewropeaidd yn cael eu eu ar ôl i ' r camau yng nghymru .
manchester city midfielder kevin de bruyne has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
world number one mark selby beat world number one mark williams to reach the quarter-finals of the world championship .
at least 10 people have been killed in an explosion at a railway station in the italian city of masonry , officials say .
jenson button says he is `` disappointed '' by the number of drivers who have been disqualified from formula 1 at the end of the season .
a us mp has won a prestigious legal battle against the so-called islamic state group , accusing him of `` fake news '' .
a memorial to the families of a man who died in a river in bath has been unveiled .
the front pages of the scottish tabloids have been hailed as a `` historic victory '' in the scottish newspapers .
more than 1,000 motorists have signed a petition calling for the introduction of a new road in county durham .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has told the bbc that scotland would be `` foolish '' for the uk to leave the european union .
one of the uk 's most famous resultant has been washed up on the river severn .
one of the world 's largest financial and financial jobs is to close at the end of the year .
the scottish government has announced plans to cut more than # 100m in funding for the commonwealth games in scotland .
a woman has been found guilty of stealing # crown from her mother 's lover .
a swan has been shot dead by a swan at a wildlife reserve in fife .
former south african president nelson mandela has died at the age of 91 , his lawyer says .
a man has been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a lorry in bristol .
a man has gone on trial accused of murdering a two-year-old boy in fife .
donald trump has announced that he will perform at the inauguration of the inauguration of the us national anthem .
it 's been a year since the end of the world , but i had to be one of the most important countries in the world .
the number of hospital beds at a north wales hospital has fallen to its lowest level in three years .
technology giant hewlett-packard has announced that it is shutting down the use of electronic products in the uk .
two men have been charged with the murder of a man who died after being hit by a car in wolverhampton .
a new road bridge for the river nith has been given the go-ahead by the county council .
scientists say they have discovered the oldest known ancestor of a dinosaur .
northern ireland 's first minister arlene foster has said the department of finance -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme is a `` public health crisis '' .
northampton saints have announced plans for a new stand at st mary 's park in northampton .
britain 's johanna konta reached the australian open semi-finals with a straight-set win over spain 's zhang shuai .
a tesco supermarket has apologised after a picture of his image was stolen from a tesco supermarket .
a poster poster poster has been sold at auction for # 50cm .
the head of the brazilian national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has said he will not attend the 2016 olympic games in rio .
hull fc midfielder joe arundel has signed a new three-year contract with the super league club .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been discovered in the german city of germany , officials say .
british badminton has defended its decision to withdraw funding for the tokyo 2020 olympic games .
two goals from jack marriott helped luton city come from behind to beat bristol city in the efl cup second round .
all images are copyrighted .
manchester city football club is being investigated by the football association for failing to monitor anti-doping rules .
britain 's scott scott won his second gold medal of the rio olympics with victory in the men 's kayak race at rio 2016 .
the pilot of virgin galactic 's virgin galactic plane has been killed in a plane crash in california .
st patrick 's college in county antrim has been given the go-ahead by the gaa 's governing body .
world number one andy murray beat world number one novak djokovic to reach the semi-finals of the atp world tour finals .
work has begun on a new stretch of the m74 in the centre of glasgow .
the family of a five-year-old boy who died after suffering serious head injuries have said they are `` devastated '' by the death of his son .
40 frayssinous has been named as the new coach of french super league side frayssinous 40 .
hearts have signed goalkeeper lee alexander on a two-year deal after he left hearts .
lance armstrong says he has no regrets about doping .
the chief executive of the co-op bank , mike ashley , is to step down as chief executive of the bank of scotland .
the number of people suffering from mental health problems in england has risen to its lowest level since records began , a review suggests .
it has been a momentous week for british prime minister david cameron , who has been in charge of the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
half-back rangi chase says he has no regrets about signing a new three-year contract with the super league side .
the number of council tax in a council tax has fallen to its lowest level in five years .
a new project has been launched to find a new population in the east of england .
a google search website has been given a $ 1m -lrb- â # reward m -rrb- grant from google for $ charge -lrb- # ved -rrb- .
grimsby extended their unbeaten run to six games by beating 10-man grimsby at blundell park .
police in the us state of missouri have arrested three people in connection with the shooting of a black teenager in ferguson , virginia .
burton albion have signed bristol city striker nathan waring on loan until the end of the season .
australian prime minister david cameron has signed a $ 1bn -lrb- â # kidman -rrb- bid to buy australia 's largest cattle farm , queensland .
a loch ness monster has been found on a loch of loch ness .
the number of people living in the uk has risen dramatically in the past year , according to a new report .
the number of bee deaths in europe has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to a new study .
a man and a woman have died in a fire at a flat in neath port talbot .
a us court has sentenced a us man to 18 years in prison for hacking to us military personnel .
a new rnli lifeboat station has been launched in bridgend county .
in the wake of the death of a patient at stafford hospital , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire looks at the deaths of patients in england and wales .
people in the south east of england are being asked to keep their personal finances in order to get their personal finances .
scotland 's mountain snowsports centre has seen its first winter snowfall in more than two years .
plans to close a berkshire station in berkshire have been given the go-ahead by the borough council .
the line-up for this year 's aberdeen comedy festival has been announced .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in north belfast .
oxford united have signed oxford united midfielder patrick roberts on loan until the end of the season .
david cameron is to hold talks with the european union for talks with the uk to leave the european union .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was seriously injured in a house fire in west dunbartonshire .
a former teacher has been jailed for 12 years for sexually abusing girls at a primary school in nottinghamshire .
wales women made it two wins from two in the women 's six nations with a bonus-point win over wales at the liberty stadium .
leyton orient striker jamie cox says he has no intention of staying at the club because of a knee injury .
talktalk has been hit by a cyber attack on talktalk , the company has confirmed .
the prince of wales and duchess of cambridge have joined prince harry for the first time .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in barcelona to support a new government .
leicester city boss craig shakespeare says he is `` looking forward '' to speak to leicester city as he prepares for the premier league title .
a man and a woman have been killed in a suspected gas explosion in spain 's capital , madrid , officials say .
new zealand head coach eddie jones says his side 's performance in the last 16 of the rugby world cup was a `` joke '' .
a report into allegations of corruption at the london 2012 olympics is to be carried out by the sport 's ethics committee .
theresa may has said she is `` very concerned '' about the way the uk can stay in the european union .
ukip has been accused of `` peddling hypocrisy '' over the use of immigration in the uk .
the us space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- has released a new version of its solar system .
partick thistle extended their lead at the top of the scottish premiership with a hard-fought victory over partick thistle .
parents of babies who died in the birmingham ashes scandal are being asked to take legal action against the city council .
the family of a woman who went missing after a night out in california have said they are `` devastated '' by her disappearance .
two new homes are to be built in edinburgh for the first time in more than two years .
a pro-democracy activist in hong kong has been jailed for three years for inciting violence .
a charity fundraiser has been set up in the united states for the first time in more than 100 years .
scientists say they have found a new way to tackle the progression of type 1 diabetes .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man died after being hit by a car .
the welsh secretary has said he is `` deeply optimistic '' about the uk government 's bid to become the next welsh secretary .
a new species of pistol has been unveiled in the us for the first time .
wales ' first minister has called for a ban on the sale of private fees in wales .
thousands of people have marched through the streets of moscow to protest against the eu 's decision to leave the eu .
the number of young people in prisons in england and wales is at its highest level since records began , according to a report .
police investigating the attempted murder of a police officer in carrickfergus , county antrim , have been released by police .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a man in east london .
scotland head coach vern cotter says he is `` disappointed '' scotland head coach vern cotter will not play in the autumn tests .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the isle of wight .
a suicide bomb attack on a military station in northern turkey has killed at least 15 people , officials say .
the church of england has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the impact of fossil fuels from the church of england .
the number of homes in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level in three years , according to the bank of england .
hibernian moved up to second in the scottish championship with a comfortable win over st mirren .
two men have been taken to hospital after being rescued from a roof at a roof in bridgend county .
lionel messi has signed a new four-year contract with argentina , which will keep him at the confederations cup for the first time .
german chancellor angela merkel has said she is `` very confident '' she will step down as leader of the german government .
a man accused of causing the deaths of two young children has told a jury he was not the victim of the product .
league one leaders lincoln city came from behind to beat league one leaders lincoln city in the first round of the fa cup .
eddie jones has said he is `` delighted '' to be named as the new star of the danish film .
more than a third of people have been conned out of fraud , according to a new report .
warwickshire have signed new zealand all-rounder lewis lewis on a two-year contract .
first minister carwyn jones has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by labour 's stance on immigration in the wake of the brexit vote .
billy kee scored the only goal of the game as accrington came from behind to beat accrington in league two .
the president of the democratic republic of congo , george weah , has been sworn in as president of the democratic republic of congo .
jason smyth says he is ready to compete at this summer 's rio games in rio because of a back injury .
if you are a father of one of the world 's most famous social media users , lee kuan yew has become one of the world 's most iconic sons .
police in india have arrested a woman in connection with the death of a female woman in the northern indian state of uttar pradesh .
a sculpture has been unveiled to mark the 150th anniversary of the death of poet born born .
waringstown have won the county championship for the first time in five years after beating waringstown in the first round of the county championship .
the government has seen a raft of public spending on public sector services .
taylor swift has been named the most popular music sound of the year .
more than half of china 's ethnic minority population are at risk of discrimination , according to a new study .
the duke of cambridge is one of the world 's most famous tennis stars .
bristol city midfielder sturrock sturrock has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
goldman sachs , the us bank of us investment bank goldman sachs , is to open a bank in the us .
scientists have developed a new type of battery capable of dissolving batteries .
angelique kerber became the first british player to win a grand slam title with victory over svetlana kuznetsova in the first round of the us open .
six people have been arrested in italy on suspicion of terrorism offences , officials say .
samsung has announced a $ 1bn -lrb- # cars bn -rrb- deal to buy samsung 's galaxy note 7 smartphone .
oscar-winning actress jane fonda has been honoured with a lifetime achievement award at the oscars .
queens park rangers have signed qpr midfielder sam austin on loan until the end of the season .
a former conservative health adviser has been sacked after he was found guilty of making indecent images of children .
one of the uk 's most famous stars has been recognised in the queen 's birthday honours list .
sci-fi star karen gillan is to star in a new live-action remake of the galaxy superhero superhero .
nasa 's curiosity rover has revealed the first flowing evidence of its new mars mission to mars .
a decision on whether to build a new highways farm in the forest of dean has been rejected by the high court .
one of the uk 's rarest birds is being cared for by birds in south africa .
two police officers have been injured during clashes between police and police in northern ireland .
more than # 1m is to be spent on a beach in the south west for the first time in more than 50 years .
the family of a man who died after a road accident in bury have said they are `` devastated '' by the death of a man .
samsung is the latest technology firm to offer a new generation of mobile phones .
the uk government has written to the prime minister calling for a referendum on the uk 's membership of the eu .
the national grid has announced plans to build a new nuclear power station in cumbria .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has said he is `` extremely sorry '' about the impact of the uk leaving the european union .
on the road to the border with mexico , a dozen mexican border between the united states and the united states , the border between the us and mexico .
the number of guns sold in the us has increased by more than a third in a year , according to a new report .
a woman who raped a woman in her own home has been jailed for life .
wales manager chris coleman says he is relishing the prospect of being included in wales ' squad for euro 2016 .
police in sweden have arrested a man suspected of being involved in a hacking operation in sweden .
a train has derailed in the southern austrian city of locals , killing at least two people , officials say .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers whether the uk should stay in the european union .
the new head coach of ospreys has called for a new head coach to be appointed to head coach eddie jones .
one of the world 's most secretive actors , alfred hitchcock , has died at the age of 82 .
first minister carwyn jones has revealed the birth of her mother , who has been missing for three weeks .
south african police have raided the headquarters of solly solly , the capital of south africa 's capital , pretoria .
former wales captain branislav ivanovic says the absence of wales ' world cup qualifier against serbia on saturday will be a `` huge game '' for wales .
former yeovil town captain tim howard has signed a new two-year contract with the league two club .
police are appealing for witnesses after a man was threatened with a knife and robbed by a gang of men .
michael phelps won his first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory in the men 's 100m freestyle at rio 2016 .
connacht prop 22-year-old robertson-mccoy has signed a new two-year deal with the pro12 club .
britain 's sir bradley wiggins has been disqualified from the tour de france after failing to qualify for the world grand prix .
a man who died after being struck by a car in south ayrshire has been named by police .
a man has been jailed for life after being convicted of the manslaughter of a teenager who was stabbed to death .
the bbc 's director of music , tom alsop , has told bbc radio 1 's today programme that she will not be joining the orchestra .
the director of public prosecutions , jack straw , has called for a review of the freedom of information act .
tributes have been paid to british composer michael handel , who has died at the age of 89 .
bournemouth manager king king says he is `` not worried '' about his side 's relegation from the premier league .
in the early hours of sunday night , the death of a filmmaker in the us state of bolivia was the subject of a new film .
tributes have been paid to boxing legend muhammad ali , who has died at the age of 74 .
nigeria 's largest city , lagos , has shut its doors for the first time in more than two years , officials say .
india is the world 's most accurate database , according to a new report by the world health organization .
a community in the western indian state of cambodian is one of the world 's most remote community towns .
scottish liberal democrat leader alex salmond has accused snp leader alex salmond of being `` briefing '' during his visit to the uk .
a man has been jailed for nine years for killing a woman in a `` custodial '' attack .
a report into the future of welsh natural beauty -lrb- aonb -rrb- in wales has been criticised by the welsh government .
wolfsburg reached the german cup quarter-finals for the first time since 2008 with a comfortable victory over borussia dortmund .
universities in london are being urged to stop online courses for the first time in more than half a million online courses .
tributes have been paid to us rapper indonesian indonesian , who has died at the age of 85 .
the 68th cannes film festival is to be held at this year 's cannes film festival .
the world 's largest nuclear power station is to be rebuilt in the wake of the collapse of the chernobyl nuclear reactor .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
a man has been removed from a road in county armagh in the early hours of wednesday morning .
the family of a six-year-old boy who died after being hit by a car have said they are `` devastated '' by the high court .
a former cia chief convicted of torture and torture has been freed from prison in milan , italy 's interior minister says .
at least 39 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the iraqi capital , baghdad , officials say .
un human rights activist ahmed mansoor has been found guilty of human rights abuses in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man 's body was found at a house in west sussex .
labour 's deputy leader tom watson has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the outcome of the general election .
a park in berkshire has been closed as part of a revamp of the park in berkshire .
home secretary james brokenshire has been given a temporary delay to the government 's immigration system , the high court has ruled .
the us manufacturer of gopro has announced that it is shutting down its operations in the us .
glasgow school of art has been officially opened to the public for the first time .
harlequins have signed south african lock quins quins on a two-year contract from next season .
the scottish government has announced that it will launch a new daily news channel for the first time .
plans for a new centre centre in inverness have been approved by the scottish government .
house prices in the uk are continuing to fall , according to the royal institution of chartered surveyors -lrb- rics -rrb- .
aung san suu kyi has been elected as the new president of myanmar .
plans for a new section theatre in buckingham palace have been announced .
actor robert arguably , who has died at the age of 93 , was one of the most influential actors in the world .
david cameron was one of the most important figures in the general election campaign .
oldham athletic have signed oldham athletic striker nicky oldham for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal .
the uk film industry recorded more than # 1bn in 2014 , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
plans for a new museum at the centre of a new museum have been given the go-ahead .
a driver died when he was hit by a car in a car crash , an inquest has heard .
the uk economy grew by 0.5 % in the second quarter of the year , according to official figures .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says goalkeeper david de gea will leave the club at the end of the season .
victims of child sexual exploitation in greater manchester are being abused , a victim of the rochdale grooming gang has said .
derbyshire have signed wicketkeeper james taylor on a two-year deal following his release by derbyshire .
former world cup winner abby wambach has announced her retirement from international football .
league one side walsall have signed midfielder jon whitney from league two side walsall on a two-year deal .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the past year .
the uk government has announced plans to ban the use of e-cigarettes in the uk .
league one side sheffield wednesday have signed birmingham city midfielder andreas makris on a season-long loan deal .
pop star lupita nyong ' o has been stolen from a hotel in los angeles .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has defended her party 's election victory in plaid cymru , saying the party is `` the biggest party in wales '' .
the united nations is under way in the united states to elect a new president for the united nations .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car .
the boss of a plane that crashed in turkey has said he has been left `` devastated '' after being hit by a car .
at least 17 people have been killed in a spate of attacks in pakistan 's capital , islamabad , police say .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering schoolgirl schoolgirl schoolgirl 1976 in 1976 .
the head of ivory coast 's army says it has been forced to pull out of the southern city of espirito santo , in a clash between soldiers and soldiers .
west bromwich albion have signed liverpool midfielder jon turner on loan until the end of the season .
the bank of england has been accused of being `` organisations '' for tax evasion and tax evasion .
a book has been made to mark the 150th anniversary of the death of a former school teacher .
the number of bus services in wales has risen by almost a third in the past five years , according to the welsh government .
a public inquiry into the demolition of a former woodland site in kent has been given the go-ahead .
thousands of people have travelled to the border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland in northern ireland .
stevenage have signed midfielder adam hyde on loan from stevenage until the end of the season .
us president-elect donald trump has announced that us president donald trump will be the next president of the white house .
the first album of the beatles ' album , the beatles , has been named the world 's most valuable artist of the year .
a van driver who died after being hit by a van in oxfordshire has been named by police .
wales coach warren gatland says he is disappointed that wales will face australia in the final of the world cup .
more needs to be done to improve apprenticeships in england , according to a new report .
more than half of women in england have been diagnosed with breast cancer , according to new figures .
an energy company has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of the western isles of the western isles .
mae ' r o sy 'n gyfrifol am awr os ar gyfer yr eisteddfod genedlaethol ynys môn eleni .
york city midfielder jon parkin has signed a new one-year contract with the league two club .
david cameron has resigned as prime minister after the prime minister resigned .
world number two angelique kerber has been knocked out of the australian open in the first round of the australian open .
daniel boyd , the former director of the national crime thriller , has been named as the new director of the national crime agency -lrb- boyd -rrb- .
russia 's government has imposed a ban on all websites to ban pornographic content in the country .
the former head of mi6 , baroness tanni manningham-buller , has told the bbc she believes the iraq war was a `` threat to war '' .
the iraqi city of tal afar , the iraqi city of tal afar , is one of the most important forces in the middle east .
everton boss ronald koeman says the republic of ireland boss martin o'neill has not ruled out the republic of ireland 's euro 2016 squad .
more than 100 people have been arrested following clashes between police and protesters at a protest in dover .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a block of flats in dundee .
two men have been charged with the attempted murder of two police officers in craigavon , county armagh .
south africa captain nigel owens says he will not be `` honoured '' when he takes on australia in the final of the rugby world cup .
australia 's immigration minister peter dutton has accused australia 's immigration minister of `` asylum '' allegations of sexual abuse .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in essex .
a dispute between hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- has been agreed by the high court .
the archbishop of canterbury has said there will be a `` humanitarian crisis '' for refugees in syria .
a conservative mp has resigned from his constituency as part of an investigation into a # 10.25 m loan to a football club .
a # limit scheme to reduce the number of drivers on the m1 has been criticised by the police .
apple has reported a record quarterly profit of $ -rrb- bn -lrb- â # bn bn -rrb- in the first quarter of the year .
the world 's most expensive sprinter , justin gatlin , is one of the world 's most successful sprinter .
the greek parliament has voted to reject a referendum on the greek debt crisis .
an mp has apologised after a fire broke out in a fire that left a man with severe burns .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched a new project that aims to build the world 's largest aim rocket .
league two side newport county have parted company with manager graham taylor .
a report into the activities of sports in wales has been criticised by auditors .
a man who was left with a broken leg after being hit by a train has apologised to the public for the first time .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were killed in a crash .
chelsea ladies reached the women 's fa cup final with a 2-0 win over notts county ladies in women 's super league one .
tiger woods shot a six-under-par 66 to take a two-shot lead into the final round of the us open in california .
a court in india 's rajasthan state has won a court case against a female transgender man who has been in the country 's highest court .
wales manager chris coleman says the football association of wales manager chris coleman will be a `` new contract '' .
the london stock exchange -lrb- lse -rrb- has agreed to merge with the london stock exchange -lrb- lse -rrb- .
uefa president michel platini has called for a reform of the world football governing body fifa .
oracle champions oracle captain oracle sir oracle tim plessis has won the inaugural america 's cup race for the first time .
a california man who was jailed for sexually assaulting a young woman in the us state of california has been released from prison .
mark mcghee 's first goal of the season gave motherwell a precious win over inverness caledonian thistle .
us president donald trump has said he does not believe president donald trump should be paid for president .
the number of women taking part in the uk has reached a record high , according to the latest figures from the church of england .
st johnstone have signed midfielder james mcclean on a two-year deal following his release by nottingham forest .
an inquest into the deaths of two soldiers killed in a crash in afghanistan has been halted by a coroner .
the number of people dying from heart disease in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
the uk 's first commercial aircraft carrier has been given the go-ahead by the scottish government .
a wind turbine on a wind farm in county fermanagh is being investigated by police .
an investigation into the death of a baby girl who was mauled to death by her mother has been criticised by police .
conservative mp david parkinson has been elected as the new leader of the liberal democrats .
the government is to introduce a new air drivers ' car to buy diesel cars in the uk .
a british man has been found on a greek island near the greek island of para , according to local media .
business secretary sajid javid has said china is `` very concerned '' about the future of the global steel industry .
more than 100 iraqi military personnel have been freed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in northern iraq , officials say .
new england patriots quarterback tom brady has been given a brady ban by the nfl 's national football league .
ian poulter won his first pga tour title by beating fellow englishman ian poulter in the first round of the dubai desert classic .
a postcard has been found in a postcard in spain in the early hours of wednesday .
a man has been arrested in connection with the theft of naked photos of celebrities .
hull city moved back to the top of the premier league as they were held to a draw at home to hull city .
a record number of people have been caught on camera on the hottest day of the year so far .
chelsea have appointed former chelsea boss jose mourinho as their new manager .
crystal palace manager alan pardew says he is interested in signing crystal palace striker yannick bolasie .
work has begun to restore the construction of a building building at bangor university .
nhs staff in england are being asked to take industrial action in a dispute over pay .
former manchester united and england captain johan cruyff has died at the age of 83 .
india 's first lady , express ministry , has died after being born in the western indian state of kerala .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead in county antrim .
the uk government has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the uk government 's brexit bill .
israeli police say they have arrested two people suspected of being involved in the holocaust of the auschwitz concentration camp .
a man who downloaded indecent images of children has been jailed for nine years .
more than half of the uk 's top universities are more likely to compete in the uk , according to a new report .
alastair cook has been named as england 's new test captain .
a driver has admitted causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving .
america is the world 's most powerful century .
two men have appeared in court in belfast charged with cocaine offences .
a woman has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a pregnant woman who was found dead in her home .
one of mexico 's most notorious drug lords , el salvador , has been shot dead in the capital , caracas .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found at a recycling plant .
plans for a new bridge crossing in the highlands have been approved by the scottish government .
the number of academy chains in england 's schools has fallen by more than a third in england , the local government association says .
brighton midfielder ben stephens has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the uk 's new mobile phone communications app has been launched by uk telecoms regulator ofcom .
a number of london underground lines have been evacuated after a fire broke out at a tube station .
lee wallace was one of wales ' most famous and gifted welsh rugby fans as he won the rugby world cup for the first time in his career .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been sentenced to life in prison for killing his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
syrian government forces have retaken control of a key airbase in the syrian city of homs , activists say .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in monmouthshire .
britain 's ibf heavyweight champion anthony joshua will fight wladimir klitschko for the ibf world heavyweight title on 29 april .
leeds united midfielder 2014-15 benedicic has joined italian side sampdoria on loan until the end of the season .
a former police officer has been jailed for eight years for conspiring to supply drugs into the uk .
a new unit for cancer patients in wales has been given the go-ahead by the welsh government .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- , the world 's second-largest economy , is a global economy .
a new treatment centre for children with mental health problems has been launched by the welsh government .
a charity has paid tribute to a terminally ill man who has died at the age of 74 .
somerset have signed south africa batsman peter van der van der van for the t20 blast .
a cathedral cathedral has been given a # 2m grant from the heritage lottery fund -lrb- hlf -rrb- .
australia 's prime minister says australian prime minister malcolm turnbull 's decision to apologise to australia 's ambassador to australia is `` outrageous '' .
bournemouth have signed striker jermain defoe from sunderland for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares ended the day little changed , with the ftse 100 index closing 28 points higher .
the fbi has filed a lawsuit against the fbi over the killing of a man in the us state of pennsylvania .
samba school in rio de janeiro has been voted the best school in the world .
one of singapore 's largest oil producers , mighty , has claimed that it is shutting down oil prices in the east of the country .
the us and cuba have signed a new diplomatic relations with cuba .
west ham have been charged by the football association for failing to control his red card in saturday 's 1-1 draw with west ham .
newcastle united striker michael vaughan says he has no regrets about signing a new deal with the premier league club .
double olympic champion nicola adams says she is `` excited '' by the prospect of becoming the first female boxer to win a professional boxing title .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being seriously injured in an edinburgh street .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , the bbc 's economy britain looks at how the uk is in the european union .
dozens of people have been killed in a fire in japan 's capital , tokyo , officials say .
uk exports fell by more than a third in the first three months of the year , according to the latest trade figures .
the number of police officers being deployed in england and wales has risen to its highest level since records began .
a russian court has sentenced two dance dancers to 18 years in jail for the `` disrespect '' dance video of a dance dance dance dancing .
a man has appeared in court charged with the manslaughter of a man who died after being hit by a car .
what do we do if you do n't know that ed miliband and ed miliband will look at the outcome of the general election .
police investigating the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in east london have paid tribute to them .
former labour leadership contender liz kendall has called for the party 's leadership candidates to be `` stick '' .
the maximum rate of high-stakes betting machines in england and wales is `` unacceptable '' , the government has said .
a protest has been held in northern ireland for a orange order in north belfast .
former ireland manager michael o'neill has been appointed as the new manager of irish premiership side glentoran .
sony has announced a 3 % rise in sales for the first time in more than 50 years .
the us state of nebraska has become the first state in the us to hold a general election .
bank of england governor mark carney has announced the bank of england 's test plan for the uk 's exit from the eu .
west indies batsman phil simmons has been suspended from the west indies and the west indies after being suspended from the west indies and west indies .
russell knox says he is ready to play at the top of the ryder cup at the end of the season .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car was found in a street in west belfast .
the family of a british man who has been missing for more than two years have said they are `` devastated '' by the response .
the immune system that reduces the immune system to kill patients has been tested by us researchers .
a flight from edinburgh to edinburgh was forced to make an emergency landing at edinburgh airport .
the wife of a british woman who has been imprisoned in iran for more than a decade has said he is `` thrilled '' by the case .
internet provider , joe garner , has announced he is to step down as chief executive of the uk 's telecoms regulator .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences , police have said .
great britain 's tom latham won great britain 's first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory in the men 's sprint race .
ufc featherweight champion conor mcgregor has pulled out of next month 's ultimate fighting in las vegas .
one of the uk 's most famous kate has been put up for sale .
we 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
defence secretary michael fallon has told the bbc he is `` very optimistic '' that the european union could be prepared for the european union .
the african union -lrb- au -rrb- has rejected a request by the african union -lrb- au -rrb- to send the african union to the african union -lrb- au -rrb- .
former premier league footballer carlisle united has been given a suspended jail sentence after pleading guilty to drink-driving .
england manager roy hodgson says his side can play in the last 16 of euro 2016 if they are to qualify for euro 2016 .
a court in cambodia has sentenced two former leaders of cambodia 's khmer rouge to 15 years in prison for war crimes .
a man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack at a police station in county tyrone .
wrexham have appointed former wrexham boss chris saunders as their new manager .
a woman in her 70s has died in a house fire in county londonderry .
the eurovision song contest , the eurovision song contest , has been expelled from the eurovision song contest .
a welsh finance minister has called for the welsh government to delay the uk 's income of income tax .
the world 's coral reefs has been killed by coral bleaching in the south china sea , us scientists say .
scottish fishermen have agreed a two-year rise in the number of tonnes of fish from the scottish fishing industry -lrb- increase -rrb- .
in the centre of serbia , a small shopping centre in the centre of serbia 's capital , vladimir , is the centre of the middle east .
youtube has become the first country in pakistan to introduce a ban on youtube on youtube .
all photographs by steve smith .
britain 's chris froome has been knocked out of the vuelta a espana in the vuelta a espana .
a police officer has been found guilty of assaulting a 14-year-old girl in dundee .
the church of england is to become the first female bishop to become the church of england .
discount retailer crabtree has announced plans to close its distribution centre in london .
a man who died after being hit by a train in leicestershire has been named by police .
a primary school in north devon has been named as the new head of a school in north devon .
the uk government has launched a new campaign to combat genetically modified -lrb- gm -rrb- crops in the uk .
great britain 's peter kennaugh won the tour de france in a sprint finish to win the tour de france .
watford continued their 100 % start to the season with a comfortable victory over watford at vicarage road .
the number of overseas jobs in wales has fallen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a new report .
spain 's constitutional court has voted to hold a referendum on independence in the country 's catalonia region .
the driver of a train which derailed in spain 's capital , madrid , has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving .
in the wake of the financial crisis in europe , the question of the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- and the european central bank -lrb- ecb -rrb- .
premier league clubs are `` in the dark '' , according to a new report from premier league clubs .
jeremy clarkson has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by the bbc 's decision to sack jeremy clarkson as leader of the bbc 's top gear .
the us supreme court has ruled that the us government 's new law rules will be used in the wake of the emissions scandal .
google has been ordered to pay more than $ 100,000 -lrb- â # amsterdam m -rrb- for the release of a privacy case , the high court has ruled .
hampshire wicketkeeper ben raine will be out for up to three weeks after undergoing surgery on a minor groin .
prince william has described the queen 's birthday as a `` special monarch '' , as he marked her 90th birthday .
gordon watson has been appointed as the new manager of scotland .
voting has begun in elections being held in liverpool .
irish premiership leaders crusaders were held to a 1-1 draw by premiership champions crusaders at seaview .
two men who robbed a man in a `` targeted '' attack in east kilbride have been named by police .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed in a us-led air strike in the syrian city of raqqa , activists say .
two royal navy warships have been bought by the ministry of defence in a bid to boost the flow of aircraft .
israel 's foreign minister , benjamin netanyahu , has said a deal with iran 's nuclear programme will be agreed by the end of the year .
it 's a good year for many students in england and wales .
a cruise ship which ran aground on the yangtze deck of the costa concordia has arrived at the port of triumph .
in the wake of the rape and rape of a young girl in south london , the bbc 's karen allen looks at the case of a rape case .
a factory in county durham is to close at the end of the year , with the loss of 260 jobs .
archaeologists say they have found a `` significant '' roman monk found in a village near stonehenge .
robert garcia , the former head of football 's world governing body fifa , has died at the age of 83 .
england under-21s were knocked out of the fifa under-20 world cup after they were held to a 1-1 draw by japan at the world cup .
a woman in the us state of pennsylvania has won a legal battle over the death of her baby daughter .
the bishop of glasgow has said he is `` shocked '' by the decision to allow a cathedral to pray in the church of glasgow .
wales coach warren gatland says his side can learn from their defeat by new zealand in the first test against new zealand .
arsenal midfielder krystian bielik has signed a new five-year deal with the premier league club .
the european champions cup has been one of the greatest sporting upsets in the history of the world cup .
us home sales rose by more than expected last month , according to a new report .
it 's one of the biggest tennis tournaments in the world of wimbledon .
a grade ii-listed listed building in west yorkshire is to be demolished as part of a # 1m project .
in the wake of the paris attacks , iraq 's prime minister haider al-abadi is in the middle east .
a new app has been launched in south wales for the first time in more than 50 years .
phil taylor moved into the semi-finals of the pdc world darts championship with a 4-1 win over england 's dave chisnall .
leigh centurions claimed their first super league win of the season as they comfortably beat leigh centurions in super league .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his ex-partner at a house in lancashire .
the widow of a transgender woman who died at a prison has called for a review of her death .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has said she will not support the party in the general election .
work to restore a canal canal in swansea has been completed .
instagram has announced that it is shutting down its social network in the us .
former australian prime minister malcolm gillard has resigned .
italian police have arrested a man in milan on suspicion of drug trafficking .
the news letter from the news that northern ireland 's political parties were involved in the botched renewable heating incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- ?
ricky burns was one of the most controversial fights in the boxing world .
a man in the northern mexican city of tamaulipas has been kidnapped in the north-eastern city of wrist , officials say .
the world 's largest ice ice ice ice ice ice -lrb- antarctic -rrb- has been discovered in antarctica .
plans for a new # 2m lifeboat station in scarborough have been approved by the borough council .
the chief executive of the farming industry has warned of a lack of price for the uk 's meat industry .
michael dunlop set a new absolute lap record at the isle of man tt practice at the isle of man tt .
a man has died after being stabbed outside a party party in north-west london .
hull city midfielder robert snodgrass has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
league two side crawley town were held to a goalless draw by crawley in league two .
a # skills m grant has been awarded for a new # skills m teaching project in gloucester .
burnley have signed defender adam jones on a two-year deal following his release by burnley .
a section of the m5 on the m1 has been caught on camera on the m1 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in greater manchester .
newport gwent dragons maintained their unbeaten start to the pro12 season with a bonus-point win over newport gwent dragons .
us bank jp morgan chase has agreed to pay $ securities -lrb- # based -rrb- to settle allegations that it paid $ securities -lrb- # tentative -rrb- .
the government has announced plans to build a new railway station in central london .
it 's been a year since the birth of a baby girl .
the final day of the first test against bangladesh begins in chittagong .
microsoft has announced that it is shutting down its virtual reality games .
lancashire 's hopes of reaching the t20 blast quarter-finals suffered a setback as they were beaten by lancashire at old trafford .
kilmarnock moved to the top of the premiership with a hard-fought victory over kilmarnock .
a snooker player has been given a suspended prison sentence for stealing more than # 1m from a snooker cue card .
plans to build a private private estate in wales have been approved by the welsh government .
it 's been a turbulent week for the uk to leave the european union .
net migration to the uk is `` not good enough '' , a committee of mps has said .
former rangers captain barry ferguson says he would be interested in signing allan ferguson from celtic .
hundreds of jobs are being created at a scottish steel plant in dumfries and galloway .
a man arrested in connection with the murder of jean mcconville has been released on bail .
jk rowling 's harry potter spin-off film fantastic beasts has been released by warner bros .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in herefordshire .
former rangers defender bruno mccarthy has joined rangers on a season-long loan from rangers .
a man accused of murdering a man at a house in essex has told a court he was the victim of a `` drug bomb attack '' .
ciara mageean has been named in the ireland team for the european championships in amsterdam .
a concert at belfast 's sse arena has been cancelled after a concert at the sse arena .
manchester united have agreed a deal to sign manchester united striker antoine griezmann .
welsh secretary alun cairns has said he is `` dismayed '' by the welsh government 's plans to cut the number of welsh councils in wales .
the us-led coalition battling so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been killed in a us-led coalition air strike in northern syria , activists say .
all pictures are copyrighted .
south africa beat south africa on day one of the first test against south africa in cape town .
an outbreak of norovirus has led to the closure of two wards at a park in arrowe , county fermanagh .
a man has died after a fire at a house in oxford .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in final practice at the hungarian grand prix .
mae dyn wedi cael eu cyhuddo o lofruddio dyn wedi ei marw ar ôl i 27 cooper cooper ar ôl i ' r cooper .
ac milan striker mario balotelli has been banned for two games after being found guilty of racially abusing ac milan .
india 's national anthem has been charged with sedition after he was arrested on suspicion of sedition .
england boss sam allardyce says england 's joe hart will be a big factor in england 's euro 2016 squad .
labour mp david marshall-andrews has said he will not stand in the richmond park by-election if he wins the general election .
the bbc drama drama poldark has died at the age of 89 , her family has announced .
mobile phone firm blackrock has announced it is cutting 500 jobs as part of a drive to cut jobs .
the great british bake off has been launched in plymouth for the first time in more than 30 years .
a new initiative aimed at improving equality in scotland has been launched by the scottish government .
a school at a school in east belfast has been suspended after a pupil was found dead at a school .
chelsea have won the premier league title for the first time since the end of the season .
the future of the scottish football association -lrb- outcome -rrb- has been completed by the football association of scotland -lrb- hutchison -rrb- chairman ian baraclough .
sheffield steelers secured their place in the women 's ice hockey league title with a comfortable win over fife flyers at the sse arena .
new zealand 's guy guy has broken the world record for the fastest time of the year .
a new treatment for cancer patients in the uk has been launched by scientists in the uk .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving following a fatal crash in sheffield .
a man who was convicted of causing the death of a man who was hit by a car has been jailed .
indian cricketer yadav singh has been suspended for two years after testing positive for a banned substance .
french centre-right presidential candidate francois fillon has been arrested on suspicion of corruption , prosecutors say .
a man accused of sexually abusing a 12-year-old girl has told a court he was `` brother '' and `` imagining '' , a court has heard .
a senior australian medical worker has called for a public inquiry into the detention of asylum seekers in detention centres .
a woman who raped a woman in a hotel room has been cleared of rape .
canada international 23-year-old 23-year-old has signed a new two-year contract with the women 's super league one club .
a man has been found guilty of attempted murder after a man was stabbed to death in a `` fractured '' attack .
more than half of parents in england are eating eating sweets , a study has found .
chesterfield have appointed former chesterfield boss jim turner as their new chief executive .
ben stokes and alex hales hit centuries as england dominated the first day of the first test against south africa at the oval .
newport rfc chairman gavin foxall says the welsh rugby union 's takeover of newport gwent dragons will be the subject of a takeover bid .
a falklands war veteran who helped save the life of the falklands war has died at the age of 97 .
west brom boss tony pulis says striker saido berahino could be out for the rest of the season .
moeen de kock hit a century as england beat south africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international at headingley .
in the past few days you have been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
german police have arrested two men suspected of plotting to carry out a terror attack in berlin .
a bbc radio presenter has spoken out for the first time about the life of his wife , who has died at the age of 72 .
bbc radio 4 's today programme takes a look at some of the stories featured on bbc radio 4 's today programme .
the uk could leave the european union if the uk votes to leave the european union , according to one of the uk 's leading businessmen .
tony adams 's granada side have been relegated from the super league after being held to a goalless draw by granada .
mexican president enrique pena nieto has pledged to support the victims of the city of nieto in the city of nieto .
league two side accrington stanley have signed fulham defender rodak rodak on loan until the end of the season .
tributes have been paid to a `` loving and loving '' motorcyclist who died in a crash in rhondda cynon taff .
swansea city say they are `` disappointed '' the takeover of swansea city 's takeover of swansea city is `` not acceptable '' .
a mother from south lanarkshire has become the first person in the world to have a new park .
rangers extended their lead at the top of the scottish premiership with a hard-fought win at ibrox .
wales have been knocked out of the world cup for the first time in their history after beating belgium on saturday .
the remains of one of the most famous graves in the world are being unearthed by archaeologists in brighton .
us president otto warmbier has said he is `` shocked '' by the treatment of his son , who has died at the age of 13 .
farmers in a bid to tackle bovine tb have launched a campaign to tackle bovine tb -lrb- tb -rrb- .
a book to mark the 20th anniversary of the death of poet rhys 1947 has been announced by the council .
ajax midfielder nouri nouri has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a suspected heart attack .
the scottish government is to take legal action against the uk government over air pollution .
the row between french president francois hollande and french prime minister francois hollande in paris on 2 november , france 's prime minister , francois hollande , has told the bbc .
the first minister carwyn jones has written to the prime minister asking the prime minister to publish a letter to the prime minister .
queen of the uk 's biggest airline , monarch , has suspended its chief executive , george bookings , for failing to meet its chief executive .
celtic have agreed a deal to sign midfielder efe ambrose from celtic for an undisclosed fee .
gloucester moved up to third in the premiership with a bonus-point win over sale sharks at kingsholm .
atletico madrid were held to a draw by 10-man atletico madrid in the first leg of their copa del rey final .
more needs to be done to help people with mental health problems in wales , a charity has said .
david beckham , who has died at the age of 88 , was one of northern ireland 's most famous politicians .
the government has said it is `` appalled '' by the government 's decision to close the site of a west midlands village .
arm of arm arm arm arm arm has said the sale of the arm of arm arm arm arm is a `` great deal '' .
microsoft has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the way microsoft has been hacked .
a white supremacist has been sentenced to life in prison for his role in the murder of a white supremacist .
nahki wells scored the only goal of the game as huddersfield came from behind to beat huddersfield in the championship .
hartlepool united midfielder aaron tshibola has signed a new two-year contract with the league two club .
the scottish government has announced plans for a new partnership with the chinese economy .
wales ' helen jenkins says he would love to compete at this summer 's olympic games in rio .
a smartphone that can change the shape of a joel hand has been launched by the scottish government .
the english football association -lrb- supporters -rrb- has said it is `` appalled '' by the government 's decision to grant the sale of west ham 's olympic stadium .
manager gordon strachan said scotland had a `` crisis '' in their euro 2016 qualifier against slovenia at hampden .
peterborough united manager grant mccann says he is looking forward to helping his side reach the league two play-offs .
portsmouth captain paul hartley said he was `` proud '' to be the first player to score a goal in portsmouth 's 2-1 win over portsmouth .
a swedish submarine has been arrested on suspicion of killing a wall wall submarine , police say .
the number of people using social media in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since the general election .
the head of the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- , thomas bach , says the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
ibf heavyweight champion anthony joshua has been ruled out of the world heavyweight title in las vegas on saturday .
chris eubank jr says he will not be able to fight with the fight of anthony joshua 's fight against wladimir klitschko in london on saturday .
there has been a sharp increase in the number of patients being discharged from hospitals in england , according to a new report .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the recent political events in fiji .
maternity services in caithness are to be transferred to a midwife-led maternity unit , the nhs board has said .
liam smith has signed a new two-year deal with the ice hockey club .
a new exhibition has been unveiled to mark the 20th anniversary of the death of a man at a museum in london .
a primary school in inverness has been forced to close after being closed for more than a year .
prime minister manuel valls has called on the prime minister to be `` unqualified '' in the wake of the paris attacks .
raith rovers have signed former raith rovers midfielder 32-year-old van der 32-year-old on a two-year contract .
17-year-old jockey brian moore has been named champion of the year at this year 's cheltenham festival .
the body of a man whose body was found on a beach in the us state of oregon is thought to be the first person to be found in the uk .
a row has broken out over plans for a new drop-off road in conwy county .
north korea 's nuclear agency says it has shut down a nuclear reactor in north korea .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the eu , bbc news looks at the results of the uk 's vote to leave the eu .
the leader of rotherham council has defended the government 's decision to expel a children 's services in rotherham .
peter houston has been named as the new manager of falkirk at the end of the season .
astronomers have released a new picture of the world 's most popular dozen .
the director of the entertainment board , sumner redstone , has filed a lawsuit against the company 's director , sumner redstone .
england head coach chris robshaw says his side can learn from their shock defeat by france in their six nations opener at twickenham .
the parents of a children 's school have lost their legal battle to have their children removed from school .
british number two heather watson is through to the second round of the women 's singles at wimbledon .
uk retail sales rose by more than 5 % in the first three months of the year , according to the bank of england .
a man has been jailed for life after being convicted of plotting to kill a british man in the uk .
a man has been arrested in south africa for the murder of shrien dewani , who was shot dead in south africa .
maternity services in wales are `` unacceptable '' , according to the royal college of midwives .
archaeologists in cardiff have uncovered what they describe as a `` historic '' roman fort .
us democratic presidential candidate ruth schlafly has died at the age of 87 .
chinese gambling giant macau has reported a pre-tax profit of $ as bn -lrb- # driven bn -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
china 's biggest smartphone maker , qualcomm , has agreed to pay $ 7.5 bn -lrb- # fine bn -rrb- for the first time in more than two years .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in dundee .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe is in trouble .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in staffordshire .
a man has been found guilty of raping a woman at her home in county londonderry .
one of australia 's most popular steven , steven drake , has died at the age of 83 .
prosecutors in italy have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a lorry attack on a berlin christmas market .
cardiff city defender bruno manga has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
john stewart , the host of the daily show , has been praised by critics for the first time .
the jury in the trial of former rangers owner craig whyte has appeared in court .
ipswich town boss mick mccarthy says his side are capable of reaching the championship play-off final against ipswich town .
polish prime minister jaroslaw kaczynski has won the european parliament 's general election .
plans to build a new runway at london stansted airport have been rejected by the city council .
guernsey 's hopes of reaching the 2018 world cup were dented as they were held to a 0-0 draw by guernsey .
wigan boosted their league one survival hopes with a comfortable win at league one strugglers oldham .
one of the founders of tesco 's biggest supermarket , brewdog , is returning to tesco after a year of losses .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene , a taxi driver and a taxi driver .
an independent review of the effects of heart attacks in england and wales has been launched by the government .
a sewage leak at a farm in somerset has been deemed `` inadequate '' by a high court judge .
falkirk manager peter houston is confident striker peter houston will be given a new contract with the league two club .
the government has been defeated in the house of lords over plans to allow the government to scrap laws .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has accused president jacob zuma of `` should '' president jacob zuma .
aim aim , one of the world 's most prestigious aim schools , is one of the world 's most prestigious economies .
british boxer nick blackwell has been banned from boxing for six months after failing to return to training .
ireland coach eddie jones says he will not be intimidated by his side 's six nations opener against france in paris on saturday .
wigan warriors forward sam tomkins says he wants to return to rugby league in the summer .
hearts have signed former hearts forward mark hamill on a two-year deal .
us actor steve dallas has said he does not want to be the best actor to win the oscars .
it 's been a year since australian prime minister david cameron announced that he will step down as australia 's prime minister .
a chicago doctor who was seriously injured in a plane crash in chicago has told the bbc he is `` desperate to be alive '' .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in glasgow .
the parents of a boy who died after being pulled from a beach in florida say they have been `` overwhelmed '' by the response .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has called on the venezuelan president nicolas maduro to step down .
it 's been a year since a fire engulfed a block of flats in a block of flats in central london .
a man has been jailed for two years for sending a message to the `` silly '' of a `` silly '' message .
former news of the world actor and comedian tom paisley has died at the age of 74 .
all photographs â © ed gold .
belgian police have arrested a man suspected of plotting to attack a police station in the belgian capital , brussels .
a prosthetic limb has been fitted with a prosthetic prosthetic limb after her hand broke her hand .
bbc radio 5 live has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years , according to new figures .
german authorities say they have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a bomb attack on a berlin man .
iaaf chairman lord coe has criticised iaaf chairman lord coe as the head of the iaaf 's anti-doping body .
newcastle united have sacked manager steve mcclaren after five years in charge .
a man has been jailed for six years for stabbing a man to death in a `` vicious '' attack .
the world 's largest computer store , attacker , has been attacked by hackers in the us .
more than a quarter of people in england and wales are more likely to go to school , a survey suggests .
a high court judge has called for a high court ruling to allow parents in england to be banned from school .
the chief executive of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- , sir elton john , has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future .
a ancient ancient has been discovered in the sea off the coast of ireland .
the ulster rugby union -lrb- players -rrb- has defended its decision to wear a poppy display at the ulster rugby world cup qualifier .
the captain of the costa concordia cruise ship , costa concordia , has been found guilty of manslaughter after a cruise ship capsized off the coast of costa rica .
us sportswear giant ryan lochte has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by the company 's decision to pull out of the rio olympics .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says his side 's performance in the europa league defeat by manchester united was a `` disgrace '' .
two men have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
derby county missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a goalless draw by brentford .
at least 20 people have been killed in a series of air strikes in yemen 's southern province of casualties , officials say .
two teenage boys who went missing in florida on sunday have been found safe and well .
a prominent pakistani politician has been shot dead in the pakistani capital , islamabad , officials say .
a consultation on plans to introduce a consultation on artificial parks in wales has been backed by the welsh government .
manchester is one of the world 's most important technology .
police investigating the murder of blackpool teenager sarah downes have said they are `` devastated '' by the case .
manchester united manager louis van gaal says he is `` very concerned '' about his side 's europa league qualifying campaign .
this year 's brit awards have been announced , with the shortlist for this year 's brit awards .
myanmar 's new leader thein sein has died at the age of 88 .
the island of coconut is one of the world 's most deadly natural disasters .
in the wake of the ira 's collapse in 1972 , the police ombudsman of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- is one of the most important events in northern ireland 's history .
cases of criminal cases against the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- have been dropped , the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- has said .
accrington extended their unbeaten run of the national league season with a goalless draw at fleetwood town .
there 's a general election coming up on 8 june , where adults will vote to decide who will run the uk .
britain 's chris evans extended his lead in the tour de france with a seconds victory in the final stage of the tour de france .
celtic have completed the signing of celtic striker stefan dembele for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
residents at a private hospital have been told to stop parking at a hospital in a bid to save money .
jeremy corbyn has defended the grenfell tower fire following the grenfell tower fire .
among sarlan , one of india 's most famous india , has been born in the southern state of tamil nadu .
norwich city midfielder kyle lafferty has been charged by the football association for match-fixing .
a us woman has gone on trial accused of sexually assaulting a woman in her care .
bbc director general tony hall has said he is `` delighted '' by the bbc 's coverage of the bbc 's coverage of the corporation .
a driver who crashed and killed a five-year-old boy in cardiff has been jailed for six years .
chinese artist ai weiwei is planning to open a new exhibition by the chinese artist ai weiwei .
wales wing jake hill has signed a new contract to stay at the liberty stadium until 2019 .
the culture minister has called for an inquiry into the culture of culture in northern ireland .
the number of hospital beds in england has risen by more than 50 % in the past three years , figures show .
house prices in northern ireland rose by 0.2 % in the year to december , according to the nationwide .
wales hooker ken owens believes his team can beat racing 92 in the european champions cup .
a man has been arrested after a man was stabbed to death in manchester city centre .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england .
paula radcliffe has defended proposals to rewrite the world record for athletics .
she geller , the founder of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group , has announced she is planning to stage a new york city centre .
hundreds of homes in denbighshire could be forced to leave their homes due to flooding , a council has warned .
the mother of a woman who was found hanged in a prison has told a jury she was `` too scared '' to be given a prison sentence .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a woman who was found stabbed to death in a birmingham street .
aston villa have completed the signing of aston villa midfielder tim cowans for an undisclosed fee .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a police operation in west london .
all photographs by richard edward .
scientists at a university in california have developed a virtual reality technology .
serbia and serbia have been banned from the champions league for the second time in a row over the pitch invasion at the european champions cup .
spanish football federation president michel platini has been suspended pending a corruption investigation , uefa has confirmed .
tom hiddleston has said he is `` very happy '' to say that he has been nominated for the first time in his career .
formula 1 boss bernie ecclestone has called for the introduction of formula 1 drivers to be allowed to compete at the bahrain grand prix .
gordon greer says he will be fit for the scotland squad for the rest of the season because of a hamstring injury .
mansfield 's slim league two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at home by barnet .
former irish prime minister joseph drumm has appeared in court in dublin charged with fraud in the republic of ireland .
chelsea have agreed a deal to sign juventus striker alvaro morata from juventus for an undisclosed fee .
scotrail has agreed a deal with the rmt union to resolve a long-running dispute over driver-only trains .
national league side bromley have signed midfielder john macdonald on a two-year deal following his release by national league rivals lincoln city .
a court in guatemala has acquitted the former president of the democratic republic of congo , guatemala doctors , for crimes against humanity .
children 's services in birmingham have been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors .
west ham striker michail antonio has been sent to west ham united 's squad for euro 2016 .
one of britain 's most secretive martin , heydrich martin , has died at the age of 97 .
a thief from st john has been stolen from a church in st john 's cathedral .
lewis hamilton set the pace in final practice at the season-ending abu dhabi grand prix .
a nurse has been given a restraining order after being found guilty of assaulting a patient at a kent hospital .
polish police are warning hate crimes against hate crime and hate crime in the wake of the eu referendum .
the mayor of paris has apologised to the mayor of paris after it was criticised by the mayor of paris .
russian president vladimir putin has condemned russian president vladimir putin of attacking president vladimir putin in a video posted on social media .
in the wake of the death of washington dc , president donald trump has called for the removal of the nation 's `` remove '' and `` jefferson '' .
chelsea boss antonio conte has signed a new four-year contract with the premier league champions .
southampton have agreed a deal to sign norwich city striker daniel sturridge for an undisclosed fee .
marcus trescothick and marcus trescothick hit centuries as somerset fought back to draw with somerset at taunton .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the news stories around the world .
mae dyn wedi marw yn dilyn marwolaeth dynes gafodd ei ddarganfod mewn cysylltiad â ' r ysbyty yng nghaerdydd .
gps in aberdeen are being asked to launch a consultation on whether to increase the number of students in the profession .
the royal conservatoire of scotland -lrb- panel -rrb- has won the award for this year 's royal television society -lrb- guardian -rrb- awards .
a spanish man has been arrested in spain in connection with the painting of a 17th century painting in spain .
northern ireland fast bowler joe young has been ruled out for the rest of the one-day series against sri lanka .
it was one of the most influential men in the history of the virtual currency .
a former boarding school head teacher has been charged with child sex offences .
england lock cian healy has been ruled out of the tour of argentina because of a hamstring injury .
thousands of people have attended the funeral of a world war two veteran who was buried in the 1930s .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found in a park in lancashire .
two boys have been charged with attempted murder following a stabbing in hampshire .
a rare portrait of princess diana has been sold at auction for # dramatic .
an investigation has been launched after a five-year-old boy was left stranded in a bus in powys .
hull city head coach steve agnew says he was `` embarrassed '' by his side 's defensive performance in the 1-0 defeat by hull .
notts county ladies have signed midfielder charlie greenwood from notts county ladies for an undisclosed fee .
the number of affordable homes in wales has risen for the first year in a row , according to a new report .
a british man has died after falling from a balcony in thailand , officials say .
the scottish borders council has approved plans for a new campus in the borders .
a driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in aberdeen .
the number of university students in wales has risen by more than a third in the past year , according to a survey .
scientists say they have found a gene that can reverse the risk of heart attacks .
a campaign to raise awareness of skin cancer in derby has been launched with a fund-raising appeal .
scientists have developed a blood test that can detect the lives of patients with alzheimer 's disease .
one of the world 's most famous harris , harris harris , has died at the age of 83 .
gloucester have unveiled plans for a new stadium in gloucester .
ronny deila 's late goal was enough to give celtic victory over partick thistle in the scottish premiership .
the government has been accused of `` usual '' the government 's plan to reduce the number of affordable homes in england .
it has been a momentous year for conservative mps .
wigan warriors head coach shaun wane has signed a new two-year deal with the super league side .
us president donald trump has said he will not seek permission to build a new wind farm in aberdeenshire .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has said it is investigating cases of child sexual exploitation in northern ireland .
scientists say they have found a way to tackle the decline of the brain in the brain .
hundreds of people had to be rescued from the roof of a south london restaurant after a huge fire broke out .
south korea 's thailand fitzpatrick leads the lead after the third round of the abu dhabi championship .
the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- has been criticised by the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- .
supreme court justice ruth ruth ginsburg has told the supreme court that justice secretary justice antonin scalia should be given the power of justice .
a rail line between newcastle and east coast has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
bath have signed wales under-20 international forward dan evans on a two-year contract .
twitter chief executive john twitter has said he has been `` overwhelmed '' by the reaction to his twitter account .
ukip wales leader nathan gill has said he will not be the party 's leader in the assembly election .
the former head of the national intelligence agency -lrb- july -rrb- has announced that he will retire from the world .
a review of the death of a 16-year-old boy who was stabbed to death at a school in aberdeen has been opened .
mae ' r canlyniad yng nghymru wedi cael ei cafodd ar ôl i cafodd pan pan pan .
more than half a million people in the us have been diagnosed with strokes , according to a new study .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how the world 's most powerful political leaders are in the middle east .
a man has been found guilty of attempting to steal a taxi driver in fife .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in county antrim .
one of the biggest names in the world , the owner of the beatles , has been named as the most popular name of the year .
a by-election has been held in the scottish borders by-election .
in the wake of the death of a chinese student in beijing , the chinese state of china is one of the world 's most prominent universities .
chelsea are on the brink of relegation from the premier league for the first time in a row as they face manchester united in the premier league .
barclays has reported a loss of # considers m for the three months to the end of december , helped by strong investment in the bank .
the number of cancer patients in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
the first british man to be reunited with the holocaust has spoken of his `` terrifying '' experience .
the uk 's decision to leave the eu could be a `` major risk '' for the uk 's energy market , according to a report .
us secretary of state george clooney has called for a un inquiry into the killing of armenians by islamic state militants in iraq .
lewis hamilton said he was `` proud '' to have won the world grand prix in a row with victory in the chinese grand prix .
in the wake of the death of british railways , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire looks back at the top of the uk 's most influential companies .
fire safety checks are under way in the wake of the grenfell tower fire in the wake of the grenfell tower fire .
the number of people taking legal highs in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level in six years .
a new badge has been voted in the scottish borders for the first time .
talks aimed at averting a series of strikes on the southern rail network have been criticised by the rmt union .
tottenham can win the premier league title , says tottenham boss mauricio pochettino .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has confirmed that niall mcginn has been named as the new manager of aberdeen .
a mother who died in a collision with a van in powys has been named by police .
britain 's ibf heavyweight champion anthony joshua will fight wladimir klitschko for the wba world heavyweight title in dusseldorf , germany .
the israeli military has said it is `` deeply disappointed '' by israel 's decision to pull off the coast of the gaza strip .
the uk government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in the uk .
shares in australia 's pizza and fashion brands have surged by more than 5 % after it announced a $ 1bn -lrb- # german bn -rrb- takeover deal .
neil lennon has been appointed as the new manager of hibernian at the end of the season .
general electric -lrb- ge -rrb- has increased its bid to buy france 's alstom in the wake of the paris attacks .
the european commission says it is ready to agree a deal with the eu to secure a bailout deal with greece .
one of the uk 's largest cancer experts has been accused of a `` ovarian '' claim that it has been linked to the death of a baby girl .
iran 's main opposition politician , mr beheshti , has been arrested on suspicion of murder , state media report .
in the wake of the peshawar school massacre in peshawar , the pakistani taliban have been talking about the killing of the taliban in the pakistani capital , islamabad .
a woman whose body was found at a house in cambridgeshire has been named by police .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been given the freedom of cambridge to mark the birth of their birth .
the death of british football legend cameroon cameroon , who died at the age of 41 at the age of 41 , is one of the world 's most famous footballers .
west west west and west west wales were sacked after a missile test , the west west mp has said .
rangers have signed former hearts defender zaliukas zaliukas on a two-year deal .
australia 's senator , senator , senator , senator , senator , has been appointed australian senator .
james anderson and james anderson have been named in the england team for the third test against south africa at the oval .
one of the world 's most famous locomotives has returned to the public for the first time .
one of italy 's oldest women , emma morano , has died at the age of 89 .
a teenage boy who sexually abused two teenage girls has been jailed for nine years .
a mexican helicopter helicopter has been killed in a helicopter crash in colombia , officials say .
it 's been a year in the world of fashion .
a woman has become the first person to win a competition in the uk for the first time .
if you want to be a fan for the first time this year , you may not be able to get a ball on the pitch .
saudi arabia says it has killed more than 100 people in a crackdown on saudi arabia 's capital , sanaa .
a teenager who admitted sexually assaulting a 13-year-old boy in dundee has been jailed for three years .
a number of police officers in north wales have been ordered to leave their homes in a bid to tackle anti-social behaviour .
at least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a beach in the tunisian capital , tunis , security officials say .
a council has announced plans for a new national park in london as part of a # 10m expansion .
the uk grand prix was the most popular sporting event in the world , according to official figures .
the head of the bank of scotland has told the bbc that the uk vote to leave the european union would have `` no interest in interest rates '' .
the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- says it has reached a deal with iran over its nuclear programme .
labour leader ed miliband has said he is `` absolutely concerned '' about zero-hours contracts in the uk .
the snp and labour have clashed in the house of commons on the day of the general election campaign .
trams have been celebrating the 30th anniversary of birmingham 's trams station .
people with mental health conditions in wales are more likely to have mental health problems , according to a new study .
tjaronn chery scored a hat-trick as leeds united came from behind to beat leeds united at elland road .
students who complained about oxford university 's oxford university have been told they are `` shocked '' by students .
great britain will have a chance to win a medal at the 2016 winter olympics in the lead-up to the 2018 winter olympics .
ben ainslie 's late penalty gave new zealand victory over new zealand in the first leg of their world cup qualifying campaign .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two masked men in kilmarnock .
samsung electronics has reported a 33 % rise in quarterly profit to $ to bn -lrb- # 5.4 bn -rrb- for the three months to december .
scottish liberal democrat leader willie rennie has won the scottish liberal democrats by-election .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the us administration .
two british tourists have been arrested on suspicion of illegally entering the country , the foreign office has said .
adnan syed , the convicted murderer of adnan syed , has been found not guilty of perverting the course of justice .
celtic footballer islam feruz has been charged with drink-driving .
the parents of a four-year-old girl who went missing in a london hospital have said they are `` devastated '' by her parents .
a petition calling for the uk to leave the eu to leave the eu has been rejected by the uk government .
brendan rodgers has been appointed as the new manager of celtic .
manchester united and manchester united are to hold a minute 's silence for the manchester arena in the wake of the manchester bombing .
polish filmmaker 2000 2000 has died at the age of 95 , his director has said .
the mother of a british man killed in a drone strike in syria has called for an end to the threat of terrorist attacks .
labour has accused the conservatives of being `` between '' over plans to cut the nhs in wales .
a man has appeared in court in the republic of ireland charged with drugs offences .
the organisers of the isle of man 's annual concert in dumfries have said they are `` disappointed '' by the cancellation of the event .
the number of migrants trying to cross the channel tunnel has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , figures show .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a hall hall in londonderry .
poland 's lower house of parliament has passed a controversial bill that would allow women to be banned from entering the country .
an inquiry into the burial of babies at a crematorium in shropshire is to be investigated by the government .
two men have been arrested in connection with an armed robbery at a shop in greater manchester .
us actress and actress sian williams has said she is `` sorry to apologise '' after being named in the queen 's birthday honours list .
the reserve bank of india -lrb- rbi -rrb- has announced that it will cut its bank account for the first time this year .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the social network in egypt .
a memorial service is to be held in west sussex to mark the 75th anniversary of the shoreham air disaster .
burnley midfielder sam vokes says his side are capable of qualifying for the 2018 world cup in russia .
olympic bronze medallist colombian artykov has been ruled out of the rio olympics after failing to qualify for the rio olympics .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
iran 's foreign ministry says it has halted fuel fuel fuel from afghanistan , amid a row over fuel shortages .
zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe has accused the government of violating the country 's civil rights bill .
serena williams says she has been forced to retire because of a persistent knee injury .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in a bar in north london .
when it comes to openreach , bt , bt , bt , bt , bt and bt .
the number of people killed by a landslide in the austrian city of bavarian has risen to 43 , officials say .
indian sprinter chand chand has become the first female athlete to win a world record for the first time .
glamorgan batsman colin ingram has announced he will retire from cricket at the end of the season .
sports minister tracey crouch has called for more women to be banned from the sport .
oil prices have fallen to their lowest level in more than two years , as the oil price fell to its lowest level since 2009 .
police in dublin are searching for a man who was shot dead in dublin in the republic of ireland .
hamilton academical came from behind to beat kilmarnock and move up to second in the premiership .
the chief constable of northumbria police has been sacked by the police and crime commissioner .
a two-year-old girl is in a critical condition after being seriously injured in a `` horrific '' attack .
an investigation into a plane crash in the western australian city of melbourne has led to the death of a man who died in a plane crash .
plans to build a new railway station in sheffield have been approved by the government .
the search for one of the most popular names in the world has topped the list of the world 's most popular stars .
sir andrew ferguson has become the first singer to win the melbourne symphony orchestra of the year .
a british man has died after falling from a train in thailand , the foreign office has said .
republican presidential hopeful ted cruz has called for a `` puzzled '' approach to immigration in the us .
smacking parents should be banned from smacking parents in wales , campaigners have said .
a snake has been found dead in a snake in the scottish borders .
the university of cape town has voted to remove a statue of cecil rhodes at the university of cape town .
manchester united moved up to second in the premier league with a routine victory over manchester united at old trafford .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of the african union .
russia 's lower house of parliament has approved a decree that it says will allow the country 's president vladimir putin to step down .
plans to raise a bronze sculpture sculpture in sheffield have been unveiled by the city council .
prostate cancer is a greater risk of cancer , according to a study in prostate cancer .
tributes have been paid to british-born actress matthew rees , who has died at the age of 89 .
a school in the us state of kentucky has won a high court battle over a school term-time holidays .
guernsey won their first gold medal of the rio games with victory in the men 's doubles at the island games .
police in paris say they have arrested two suspects in connection with the gang robbery in paris .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with the ftse 100 index closing 28 points higher .
the son of a former labour mp has said he has been `` shocked '' by the decision to give him a seat in the general election .
saracens head coach alex lozowski has told the bbc that he will not be surprised by the prospect of returning to the premiership .
harlequins moved up to second in the european challenge cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over harlequins .
manchester city have signed argentina international forward otamendi moraes from atletico madrid for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average higher on wednesday .
the scottish language has been held in belfast for the first time in more than 100 years .
a new campaign has been launched to raise money for edinburgh 's grassmarket tour of scotland .
former bolton wanderers captain phil birch has died at the age of 68 .
hearts director of football craig levein says the club 's director of football craig levein is the best player in the club 's history .
an artificial intelligence system has been developed by researchers at oxford university .
the egyptair plane that crashed in egypt last month may have been the victim of a plane crash , investigators say .
swansea city head coach francesco guidolin says he is not worried about his future as swansea city manager .
tunisian prime minister manuel valls has been killed in a gun attack in the capital , tunis , officials say .
a cross-party group of mps has called for an urgent review of the education system in northern ireland .
plymouth argyle have signed plymouth argyle striker tyler nelson on loan until the end of the season .
the us federal reserve has raised interest rates for the first time since the us vote to leave the european union .
concerns have been raised about the future of invasive crayfish from rivers in wales .
liverpool defender mamadou sakho has been banned for two weeks after failing a drugs test .
a chronology of key events : .
west brom have appointed former arsenal midfielder royals brom as their new head coach .
carrick rangers midfielder michael carrick has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
sussex batsman steve magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
england captain alastair cook made a century in the first test against south africa in the first test against south africa at lord 's .
thousands of people have been arriving in the french port of calais for the first time since the calais migrant camp .
dumfries and galloway council has launched a # 21m scheme to run the number of bikes on the roads in dumfries and galloway .
sussex seam bowler whom seamer has been appointed as the new head coach of sussex .
a man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car in cambridge .
bolivian president evo morales has signed a $ contingency -lrb- # bolivia ; $ contingency -rrb- deal to build a swarm in the bolivian state of bolivia .
robbie taylor scored twice as bristol rovers came from behind to beat mk dons and reach the league one play-off places .
more than # 1m has been raised over the funding of a welsh health board of wales ' biggest health board .
he rakesh is one of india 's most popular and enigmatic tycoons .
a loyalist flag has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the somme flag .
a letter written by former us president george w kennedy has written to the prime minister calling for him to be sold at auction .
cardiff blues head coach alasdair dickinson says his side are capable of beating newport gwent dragons in the pro12 .
thousands of people have taken part in the annual snowdonia half marathon race .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged sexual assault on a girl in bristol .
a 13-year-old boy has been charged in connection with hare coursing in dalkeith .
a motorcyclist has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in county down .
mae ' r prif weinidog carwyn jones wedi dweud ei bod yn dilyn y llynedd ar gyfer yr etholiad cyffredinol .
braehead clan will aim to win promotion to the premier league this season after their play-off final defeat by sheffield steelers .
a former soldier from derbyshire has been awarded the freedom of the city of derbyshire .
the mother of a 15-year-old girl accused of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl has told a court she did not know about her relationship with the girl .
the world 's biggest technology company , from , has been inundated with a lack of support for the world 's biggest technology company .
drivers in york are to be fined more than # 100,000 in fines issued by the city council .
frank duddy was one of the most important political events in northern ireland .
it 's been a year since a man was left with a bit of a web .
a group of migrants are trying to cross the greek island of miracle , in the centre of the greek capital , athens .
barnsley defender paul heckingbottom says he has no regrets about signing a new contract at the club .
a man who stabbed a man to death in a `` ferocious '' knife attack has been jailed for life .
england opener ben stokes has been named in the england squad for the first one-day international against sri lanka .
a belfast court has ruled that a bakery in belfast has won a legal battle against a bakery in belfast .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest in the city of venice to highlight the impact of the city 's city .
a shooting at a primary school in merseyside is being treated as attempted murder , police have said .
seifert seifert , one of the most successful women in the world , has died at the age of 83 .
liverpool 's premier league title rivals , liverpool , liverpool and liverpool are one of the premier league 's top clubs in the premier league .
a judge in the us state of louisiana has cleared the death of a black man shot dead by police in the us state of cleveland .
scotland have been drawn in the quarter-finals of the world snooker championship in cardiff .
for the past few weeks , german chancellor angela merkel is on the verge of a visit to the united states .
youtube has become the first youtube video to date on youtube 's new video video .
world number one novak djokovic reached the second round of the australian open with a straight-set win over croatia 's champions seeds .
the body of a man who went missing from the collapsed didcot power station has been found .
us presidential candidate donald trump has said he will not attend the 2016 us presidential election .
britain 's chris froome has been knocked out of the tour de france after crashing to the stage of the tour de france .
the government has announced that the government will take a big step in the number of new homes in the south east of england .
south africa 's government says it is investigating the use of `` side-effects '' skin cancer in sub-saharan africa .
as the world 's most successful sprinter , usain bolt is one of the world 's most successful men .
jose mourinho is one of britain 's most successful football clubs .
england came from behind to beat france and keep alive their hopes of a first six nations title in six years with a struck victory over france at twickenham .
glamorgan moved to within two points of glamorgan at the top of the one-day cup with a century victory over glamorgan .
a review of the welsh government 's spending watchdog has been criticised by the welsh government .
a new exhibition has been held in edinburgh to mark the 80th anniversary of the author 's death .
munster director of rugby paul o'connell has stepped down as munster captain at the end of the season .
a teenage girl has been sexually assaulted by a masked girl in hertfordshire .
hungary 's prime minister , lazar lazar , has said he will not be allowed to take part in a train on the hungarian island of hungary .
hollywood actress collins collins has died at the age of 86 , her family has announced .
tottenham midfielder bentaleb bentaleb has joined bundesliga side tottenham on a season-long loan deal .
a number of patients have been treated in hospital after an accident at a hospital in gateshead .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car was struck by a car in belfast .
league two side luton town have signed defender danny hollands on a two-year deal following his release by bournemouth .
dozens of people have been killed in a series of attacks in the syrian city of homs , officials say .
former england batsman kevin pietersen has announced his retirement from international cricket .
south korea 's president park geun-hye has resigned after being questioned by president park geun-hye .
a man 's body has been found at a house in oxford .
the summer transfer window has opened in england and wales for the first time .
a canadian woman has been arrested on suspicion of defaming president recep tayyip erdogan , her lawyer says .
david cameron has said he is `` very confident '' david cameron will hold talks with the european union for talks with the european union .
the crown prosecution service has been referred to the crown prosecution service over the death of a cyclist .
us president donald trump has said he fired fbi director james comey as `` might '' .
more than a third of scams have been conned out of the uk last year , according to a new report .
plans for a # 100m redevelopment of a former liverpool football stadium have been approved by councillors .
shares in asia fell on monday after a closely watched survey showing the country 's manufacturing sector continued to grow .
the government has said it is `` appalled '' by the government 's decision to impose a licence on the licence fee in england and wales .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on wednesday , following a positive day of trading on wall street .
a fatal accident inquiry into the glasgow bin lorry crash is to be issued by the scottish government .
for the first time , the women 's super bowl is set to be the first of its kind in the world for the first time .
leicester city have signed leicester city midfielder n'golo kante on a season-long loan deal .
alan stubbs has been appointed as the new head coach of hibernian .
the us federal reserve has said it is `` extremely confident '' that us president donald trump 's interest in the us presidential election came to an end .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a fire at a recycling site in greater manchester .
a report into allegations of child sexual abuse at haverfordwest council has found no evidence of child sex abuse .
a kent council has apologised after a twitter account appeared to have been stolen from a kent council .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the death of a young pakistani boy .
valencia 's la liga title hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten 2-1 by valencia in the copa del rey final .
west bromwich albion have signed west ham defender adrian adrian for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
officials in the us state of oregon have arrested a man in connection with the killing of a black man in the us state of kentucky .
a woman who was left in a critical condition after being hit by a car in a supermarket in hertfordshire has spoken of her shock .
boris johnson is one of the most influential men in the european union .
it 's one of the biggest sporting stories of the year .
a rail line between dover and dover has been closed for the first time in more than two years .
welsh secretary alun cairns has accused the welsh secretary of state of `` hypocrisy '' after the uk voted to leave the eu .
thousands of people have taken part in a diwali festival in leicester .
lifeboat crew members of st abbs lifeboat station in st ives have cancelled a lifeboat station in a row over christmas .
the former head of the catholic church , cardinal ian brady , has said he has no regrets about the resignation of the catholic church .
plans for a flood protection scheme for dumfries and galloway have been approved by councillors .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in gwynedd .
schools in england and wales are being forced to take part in a shake-up of the state of england 's exams system , the government says .
the trial of disgraced politician bo xilai has gone on trial in hong kong .
serena williams won her first grand slam singles title with victory over serena williams in the first round of the australian open .
the governor of the us state of connecticut , austin institution , has pleaded not guilty to two charges in the us state of connecticut .
the uk is lagging behind the uk 's energy industry , according to a new report .
plans to reorganise secondary school pupils in powys have been approved by the council .
a new flight to the highlands and islands airports has been launched by the scottish government .
ofsted chief sir michael wilshaw has called for more schools in the north of england to be rated `` outstanding '' by ofsted .
the number of foster children in foster care in england is at risk , according to a new report .
a judge in the us supreme court has ruled that justice secretary justice antonin scalia should be extradited to the us .
hull city boss andrew rt davies says his side are `` desperate '' to avoid relegation from the premier league .
a man has been jailed for three years for causing the death of a golf champion who died after falling into a lake .
a 14-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a toddler was found dead at a house in south belfast .
world number one andy murray has pulled out of the aegon championships at queen 's club because of a hip injury .
yum brands , the owner of kfc group kfc , has reported a pre-tax profit of $ profit bn -lrb- # 192 bn -rrb- in the third quarter .
in lightning , lightning , lightning , lightning , lightning and lightning .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against plans to increase the number of student accommodation in the town .
former swansea city manager david cameron says he will be `` proud '' to win the premier league for the first time .
it 's been a turbulent year for the oil and gas industry .
hearts midfielder oshaniwa oshaniwa has announced his retirement from international football .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with shares in airlines and the ftse 100 higher .
the first episode of the bbc drama downton abbey has been praised by critics for the first time .
a tree in the us state of new jersey has been left `` terrified '' after being caught up in a tree .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in leeds .
the average cost of car insurance in england and wales is set to rise by 5 % in the first three months of the year , figures show .
a plaque has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the world war one world war one hero .
british number one johanna konta says she is ready to win the wimbledon grand slam at wimbledon .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the number of people who have died in the general election .
at least 20 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a fire at a village in bulgaria , officials say .
ukrainian president petro poroshenko has signed a ceasefire deal aimed at ending the conflict in eastern ukraine .
a mother has spoken of her `` joy '' after being told she can not be reunited with her daughter .
former prime minister tony blair has said he is `` very concerned '' about the way the party is elected in the general election .
the final episode of itv 's new series of doctor who will be broadcast on bbc one , the bbc has announced .
us secretary of state john kerry has said he is `` extremely concerned '' about the syrian armed forces in syria .
a theatre theatre is to reopen its doors for the first time in more than 50 years .
a man has admitted raping and raping a 15-year-old girl in fife .
john barclay says the glasgow warriors squad can win the final of the six nations in the six nations .
scotland manager gordon strachan says the 3-0 win over norway could be a `` great game '' for scotland .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the way for police officers in africa .
a elephant elephant elephant has been shot dead by elephant elephant , police say .
a sikh man has been charged with the murder of his wife , who was found dead in his home in banda , india .
two men have been charged in connection with a series of sex offences in cardiff .
a non-league football club in scarborough has become the first club in the uk to be relegated from the club .
the united nations says it has reached a deal with the syrian government to provide aid to the besieged syrian town of darayya .
hearts owner ann budge has said the club will not be able to set up a # today m takeover of the scottish premiership .
former wales and british and irish lions captain gareth edwards has died at the age of 83 .
a council has said it is `` disappointed '' a council is planning to close a flagship leisure centre in nottinghamshire .
former cabinet minister iain duncan smith has resigned from his position as chancellor of the exchequer .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have carried out an attack on a fishing ship off the egyptian coast , egyptian officials say .
tens of thousands of nhs staff in the uk are being urged to use their mobile phones in a search engine .
bollywood actress mary mary , who starred in the indian state of bangalore , has been given a premiere in the indian capital , delhi .
the mother of a woman who was sexually abused by her mother has said she is `` deeply disappointed '' by the court of appeal .
the mother of a six-year-old girl who has been missing for more than a week has been reunited with her daughter .
league one side gillingham have signed striker david goodwillie on a season-long loan from league one side gillingham .
the european food safety agency -lrb- fsa -rrb- has announced new measures to tackle the spread of food in the uk .
carlisle united have signed queens park rangers midfielder brandon comley on a season-long loan deal .
wales wing shane williams says he is `` desperate '' to be fit for wales ' six nations opener against italy on saturday .
police investigating the murder of a woman in her home in west yorkshire have said they are `` devastated '' by her death .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how the country 's security forces are in danger .
leyton orient midfielder armand gnanduillet has signed a new two-year contract with the league two club .
manchester united 's europa league match against bournemouth has been postponed because of a fake pitch .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in glasgow city centre .
cardiff city manager neil warnock has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club .
danes are going to the polls on sunday to elect a new government .
the charity founder of the charity kids charity , jo cox , has said she was `` shocked '' by allegations of sexual abuse at a charity .
google has announced that it is developing a new type of blood that can detect blood .
the population of the republic of ireland has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to a new report .
ford , the world 's biggest car maker , has reported a net loss of $ the -lrb- # fields -rrb- in the first quarter of 2015 .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in county donegal .
at least two people have been killed in clashes between syrian government forces and rebels in the lebanese city of beirut .
bolton wanderers manager dean holdsworth has signed a new two-year deal with the league one club .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in powys .
what do we want to know about the future of the us general election ?
reading came from behind to beat reading in the efl cup second round .
ali ali , who has died at the age of 74 , was one of the most influential men in the world .
the former president of venezuela , lopez aissami lopez , has been arrested on suspicion of drug trafficking .
a # 1bn tidal energy project in shetland has been given the go-ahead by the scottish government .
north korea has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the possibility of north korea 's nuclear weapons programme .
tottenham have completed the signing of real madrid striker roberto soldado for an undisclosed fee .
the final episode of the hit tv series hit sitcom has gone on show in the us for the first time .
a number of roads have been damaged in a road accident in county fermanagh .
league two side rochdale have signed midfielder david spotland on a two-year deal following his release by rochdale .
centuries from joe leach and joe leach helped leicestershire to a four-wicket win over worcestershire at old trafford .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
the ska band , bradbury , has died at the age of 77 , the band has announced .
a former catholic priest has been jailed for sexually abusing boys at a catholic boarding school in east yorkshire .
wladimir klitschko 's ibf heavyweight title rematch against wladimir klitschko has retired from boxing .
the front pages of the belfast telegraph and the belfast telegraph are among the papers on the front pages of the belfast telegraph football league .
a man has been detained in connection with the death of a man who was stabbed to death in his home .
north korea says it has successfully tested a rocket capable of using a rocket capable of using a rocket .
st mirren have signed forward jeremy clarkson on loan from dundee until the end of the season .
a man has appeared in court charged with raping a 15-year-old girl .
one of scotland 's biggest technology firms , korean , is to create a new nuclear power plant in south lanarkshire .
the mother of a woman who went missing in the nottingham city of nottingham has said she is `` disappointed '' by the response .
police in australia have arrested a man on suspicion of sexually abusing a teenage girl in australia .
one of europe 's largest retail companies , axel , has been sold for $ company -lrb- # springer -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
the number of people born in the uk is at its highest level since records began , official figures show .
a russian rapper has been killed in a concert in the russian capital , moscow , officials say .
australia 's media and media outlets are to strike in a row over job cuts at the australian newspaper .
it 's been a turbulent year for the us election campaign .
northern ireland 's first minister has said she is `` disappointed '' by the northern ireland executive 's welfare reform bill .
the royal navy 's defence and defence secretary has called for a military review into the defence of military personnel in afghanistan .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a man was arrested on suspicion of indecent assault .
the body of a new type of implant has been developed by scientists at the university of california .
plymouth argyle have signed striker david goodwillie from league two rivals plymouth argyle for an undisclosed fee .
pope francis has called for the end of the catholic church in the vatican to celebrate christmas 's christmas day .
a drug has been used to treat a drug that prevents hiv , according to a new study .
blackburn rovers have been charged by the football association for failing to control their players .
celtic manager ronny deila is confident his side can win the europa league group stage .
sony pictures , the director of sony pictures , has criticised sony pictures of a hack attack on sony pictures .
thousands of people have taken part in this year 's glasgow boat race .
a man has been found guilty of raping a 15-year-old girl in a `` sexually motivated '' attack .
sutton united came from behind to earn a 2-2 draw with north ferriby in the national league .
kidderminster harriers have appointed gary gordon as their new manager on a two-year deal .
david cameron has said he will not seek a referendum on eu membership if the uk votes to leave the european union .
swansea city have appointed alan curtis as their new first-team coach .
the number of people taking part in the uk 's winter swimming day has risen to its lowest level since records began .
a ward at a hospital in cornwall has been closed due to a lack of beds .
ukip mep steven woolfe has claimed he is standing down as ukip mep in the european parliament .
the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- is to investigate the collapse of hbos , the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- says .
great britain 's women won silver in the women 's sculls final at the european championships in poland .
google has announced that it will launch a new online tv service for the next three years .
coronation street has been named best actress at this year 's bbc children 's soap awards .
one of australia 's most popular enclosure , final , has been found dead at a zoo in sydney .
bournemouth striker benik afobe has been named in the guinea squad for the 2017 africa cup of nations .
bradford bulls have agreed a deal to buy bradford bulls from the end of the season .
aberdeen manager stephen thompson is confident his side can win the scottish cup final this season .
jonas gutierrez says he has no regrets about his future after signing a new contract with the premier league club .
a man has appeared in court in the us state of colorado charged with the murder of a man in the us state of colorado .
a road which has been closed for more than two weeks after a major road closed has reopened .
demolition of a former nightclub in swansea city centre is to be demolished .
glamorgan won the county championship for the first time in five years with a 102 victory over glamorgan at cardiff .
police in canada say they have arrested nine people in connection with the suspected abduction and murder of a canadian man .
a man arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a man in coleraine has been released on bail .
india 's prime minister narendra modi and indian prime minister narendra modi have clashed with the indian prime minister narendra modi .
oldham athletic 's game against oldham athletic has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
the pound has come a long way since the brexit vote .
two soldiers have been sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of taking part in a military parade .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in glasgow .
the conservative mp for avon , turner turner , has resigned from the conservative party .
oil giant bg group , the world 's largest oil company , has reported a fall in profits for the three months to december .
the nobel prize for literature -lrb- unauthorised -rrb- has won the prestigious literary prize for the first time .
a woman has told a murder trial she thought she was a victim of the sexual abuse of her friend .
the northern ireland assembly has agreed to pay compensation to victims of the northern ireland school of justice -lrb- hia -rrb- .
othman , the 60s dam in baghdad , was the most important dam in the history of the dam dam in the city of mosul .
a fire at a recycling plant in neath port talbot is being treated as suspicious .
crawley town midfielder jordan henderson has signed a new two-year contract with the league two club .
business secretary george osborne has announced a new levy on the introduction of the uk 's new tax tax levy .
tens of thousands of hong kong 's most famous pro-democracy statues have arrived in hong kong .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the uk to be protected from the uk .
two british men have been arrested in sydney on suspicion of terrorism offences , police say .
brighton maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with victory at struggling huddersfield town .
a man who stabbed his girlfriend to death with a kitchen knife has been jailed for life .
tottenham midfielder moussa sissoko has been banned for two games by the football association after he was charged with racially aggravated conduct .
defending champion novak djokovic suffered a shock defeat by juan martin del potro in the first round of the madrid open .
alex maxwell 's first goal of the season gave preston victory over preston north end at deepdale .
one of the most important dinosaurs in the world has been identified by scientists .
the un 's climate change chief has warned that the future of climate change is `` unsustainable '' .
welsh secretary stephen crabb has said he is `` very optimistic '' about the welsh secretary 's speech on devolution .
one of the world 's richest men , 1m child , has been killed in a car crash in portugal .
plans for a new harbour harbour in swansea have been approved by the environment agency -lrb- ea -rrb- -lrb- ea -rrb- .
scientists say they have made a significant leap in the use of water in the earth .
the transocean winner of the transocean winner transocean winner has been grounded from the sea off the coast of lewis .
more than 100 people have been arrested in london as part of an operation to tackle anti-social behaviour in london .
young people in northern ireland are being asked to take part in a new job for young people in northern ireland .
tranmere rovers have signed midfielder jason mooney on a two-year deal following his release by tranmere rovers .
coleraine rower coleraine rower holly nixon has been named in the great britain team for this year 's world cup regatta in poznan .
the cost of free childcare for parents in wales will be capped by the end of the year , the welsh government has said .
a 13-year-old boy who was killed in a collision with a car in west sussex has been named .
the government has been criticised for the `` old '' campaign of campaigning for the uk 's eu referendum campaign .
coach warren gatland says british and irish lions coach warren gatland is the best team in the world , says coach warren gatland .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on the sale of homes in southampton .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is `` open to the top of the premier league '' .
the united nations security council has unanimously adopted a resolution calling for the introduction of flag flag flag flag .
britain 's andy murray won his first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory in the men 's doubles final at rio 2016 .
a kent council has been fined # 10,000 for failing to stop a criminal offence .
a welsh rugby union player has been suspended after being arrested by welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- .
a british man has been jailed for five years for taking part in the 2014 earthquake in the capital , delhi .
a mother accused of sexually abusing her daughter has told a court she was sexually assaulted by her daughter .
on the eve of the world cup , the first day of the battle of the somme came to an end .
a us student has been killed in bangladesh after being shot dead in bangladesh , officials say .
more than a third of adults in the uk have been diagnosed with anorexia , according to a study .
worcestershire batsman harry kane has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club .
it 's one of the most important experiments in the world .
the chancellor has announced plans for a stamp duty duty for landlords in england and wales .
the historical institutional abuse inquiry -lrb- hia -rrb- is to launch a public inquiry into child abuse in northern ireland .
manchester united midfielder alex danson has signed a new three-year contract with the club .
manchester united are the most expensive player in the world , according to a new study .
the government of syria 's capital , damascus , has held a meeting with the government to discuss the country 's political crisis .
the peruvian army says it has found two of its members who were abducted by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in peru .
a 14-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 13-year-old girl in manchester .
in the wake of the death of a woman in the french city of nice , a young woman was killed and killed by her ex-boyfriend .
a care home in cambridgeshire has been rated `` inadequate '' by the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
china 's president xi jinping has warned china 's president xi jinping that his state visit to the us is a `` win-win '' .
new zealand captain brendon mccullum has been included in the ireland squad for the first test against south africa at the oval .
british sprinter mitchell-blake mitchell-blake has become the first british man to win a 800m at the rio olympics .
sunderland have agreed a deal to sign midfielder adam johnson from premier league side sunderland .
a man who stole more than # 56,000 from a castle in dumfries and galloway has been jailed for six months .
the mother of a girl who died at a school in greater manchester has launched a review into her death .
manchester united midfielder robbie keane has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
azerbaijan 's human rights lawyer , her yunus , has been sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of human rights abuses .
manchester city have been charged by the football association for failing to control their players at the etihad stadium .
oj simpson , the former head of oj simpson , has been found guilty of murder and perverting the course of justice .
at least 15 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in nigeria 's north-eastern borno state , officials say .
ed miliband has accused david cameron of being `` arrogant '' as he launched his bid to become uk prime minister .
a photo of a sight sight in the cairngorms has gone viral on social media .
edvald boasson hagen won the second stage of the tour de france with victory in the final stage of the tour de france .
tottenham striker harry kane is the `` best player in the world '' , says tottenham boss arsene wenger .
a cyclist who died after being hit by a car in flintshire has been named by police .
manchester united manager jose mourinho said he was `` embarrassed '' by the pressure of his team 's performance in the premier league defeat by manchester united .
the nhs in england is one of the most important issues in the nhs in the nhs .
norwich city boss alex neil says his side 's poor start to the season was a `` disaster '' .
daniel sturridge scored the only goal of the game as liverpool came from behind to beat liverpool in the efl cup first round .
north wales police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has announced plans to increase the number of cctv cameras in north wales .
cardiff city football club has reported a loss of # says m in the year to the end of the year .
a giant panda cub has been born at hong kong 's first giant panda cub .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death at a house in oxford .
cambridge moved into the league two play-off places with victory over cambridge at cambridge .
apple has filed a patent case against apple over its use of patent infringement .
real madrid forward gerard pique says he is not interested in signing a new five-year deal with barcelona .
a man has been arrested after a stolen car was stolen from a farm in cambridgeshire .
a memorial service has been held for leeds rhinos coach hetherington jepson , who has died at the age of 96 .
michael dunlop has been named as the new winner of the ulster grand prix .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced that the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced plans to build 1,000 new homes in the uk .
aston villa have signed former chelsea midfielder joe cole on a free transfer .
swindon town have sacked manager tim sherwood after a run of three games in the league two relegation zone .
new taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny has been elected as the new taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- .
us president-elect donald trump has named the first female aide to be the next president of the united states .
hundreds of people have been killed in a landslide in the northern indian town of burials .
world number one angelique kerber will face angelique kerber in the first round of the australian open .
the former taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- bertie ahern has told the bbc he will not be allowed to leave the european union .
a banksy mural painted on the wall of a london street has been removed from a london street .
the director of the irish national film institute -lrb- oscar-winning -rrb- has said it is `` disappointed '' that a film about the irish government 's decision to leave the european union was `` not acceptable '' .
a us air strike has killed at least 25 people in the somali capital , mogadishu , officials say .
the european football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- says it is `` very disappointed '' that the euro 2016 finals will be a `` big achievement '' .
album album has announced he is to star in a new album .
a finds `` hollow '' has been discovered in the river thames in dundee .
the number of people living with diabetes in wales has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to a charity .
a man whose photograph was found in a garden in kent has been named by the national trust .
one of northern ireland 's largest investment firms , kate ni , is to create # 22m in belfast .
brighton missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a draw by relegation-threatened wolves .
newport gwent dragons have been charged by the rugby football union for failing to control their players .
real madrid forward zinedine zidane has been banned for two years by the spanish football federation -lrb- spanish -rrb- .
hundreds of thousands of people who have been diagnosed with cancer are being asked to take part in a new study .
two men have been arrested in london on suspicion of terrorism offences .
the first minister has called for a ban on the sale of welsh students in england and wales .
ben parkinson 's mother has said he was `` overwhelmed '' by the response to his death in afghanistan .
scottish labour leader andy murray has won the scottish parliament election .
an animal welfare charity has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the welfare of a dog which was found in a bath park .
one of northern ireland 's biggest aircraft , bombardier , has announced it is shutting down its new base in belfast .
superfast broadband should be access to superfast broadband in wales , the head of bt has said .
a new pension scheme has been launched in the us state of california .
police officers in england and wales have been told to pay more than # 100,000 in overtime payments , the bbc has learned .
at least 13 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the afghan capital kabul , officials say .
leeds rhinos prop mitch garbutt has been banned for two games after being found guilty of racially aggravated conduct .
jessica ennis-hill is one of britain 's most successful olympian , jessica ennis-hill .
eastenders has announced plans to build a new soap opera in the east midlands .
the death of a man who was tasered by police in north wales was a `` tragic incident '' , an inquest has heard .
cardiff city head coach russell slade says he will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a # 4.2 m project to upgrade the # 14.8 bn crossrail project has been completed .
the operator of the great western railway network is to step down after two years in the role .
nine-time world champion max chilton has been ruled out of the rest of the season after suffering a serious leg in a crash at the us grand prix .
one of the world 's biggest online retailer , tesco , has announced it is to sell its business in the uk .
wigan warriors head coach tony smith is confident his side can win the super league title this season .
the new york football association -lrb- pitches -rrb- is one of the world 's most popular football matches in the united states .
a woman who became the first person to complete a london marathon marathon marathon has said she will not be able to return to the london marathon .
new zealand batsman phillip hughes has been given a manufacturer helmet by the international cricket council .
china is marking the first anniversary of the sinking of the world 's first ming ship , the first of its kind in africa .
a doctor accused of causing the death of a 12-year-old boy has told a court he felt `` sick '' and `` view '' .
scientists say they have found a new way to tackle carbon dioxide emissions in the pacific ocean .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- says it is `` very concerned '' about the impact of climate change and climate change .
the greek government has said it will not rule out the removal of the elgin marbles from the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
cardiff city manager mehmet dalman says he has no intention of staying at the championship club until the end of the season .
a plaid cymru councillor has been suspended from the council for gross misconduct after being found guilty of misconduct .
the european parliament has approved a new bailout deal with the european union .
sam smith has been named as the new head coach of super league side leeds rhinos .
us president donald trump is suing the white house for the first time in more than two years .
manchester united midfielder bastian schweinsteiger has been named in the netherlands squad for the europa league .
canada 's national post , canada post , has announced plans to increase the number of new 8,000 jobs .
french presidential candidate marine le pen has said he will not stand in next year 's presidential election .
australia 's prime minister has called on australia 's prime minister malcolm turnbull to step down on claims of sexual exploitation .
the first minister has called for more support for refugees and refugees in wales .
the scottish government is to resume talks with the scottish government over the future of the scottish parliament .
work has begun on a new nuclear power station in north yorkshire .
growth in the world 's second largest economy , china , has fallen for the second month in a row , according to a closely watched survey .
a court in india 's gujarat state of tamil nadu state has been jailed for 18 years for involvement in the 2002 gujarat riots .
a flypast has been held in orkney to mark the 75th anniversary of the battle of jutland .
the world 's first giant panda tian tian , the giant panda tian tian , has said she will not return to the uk for the first time .
the speaker of the speaker of south africa 's governing speaker , lucio lucio , has been suspended after being suspended for gross misconduct .
all pictures are copyrighted .
microsoft has a new way for technology , technology , technology and mobile devices .
more than 300,000 people have been told to boil drinking on loch ness in loch ness .
beijing has announced that more than 1,000 people have been hit by pollution in china 's capital , beijing .
beyonce 's new album , lemonade , has been released by forbes for $ m -lrb- # swift -rrb- .
saudi arabia 's supreme court has rejected a decision by saudi arabia to stop selling arms exported to saudi arabia .
the bank of england has cut its benchmark interest rate for the first time since 2008 .
it 's one of the most beautiful things in the world .
donegal 's hopes of a first ulster under-21 championship title have ended as they were held to a draw by donegal .
the israeli government has approved a new law to tackle the use of recreational use of marijuana .
talktalk has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits for the three months to the end of june .
a motorbike racer who died after being involved in a crash at the north west 200 road races has been named .
two patients who were admitted to hospital in rhondda cynon taff have been jailed .
the family of a british family who went missing after a night out in bangladesh have said they are `` devastated '' by the family .
thousands of amateur athletes will compete in the olympic games in rio for the first time .
cities in the chinese capital , beijing , are planning to build a shorter skyscraper in the city .
a man has been jailed for nine years for carrying out a string of indecent images of children .
daniel sturridge scored twice as chelsea came from behind to beat chelsea and move top of the premier league .
aberdeen 's hopes of qualifying for the europa league group stage suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw at home to siroki brijeg .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has declared a state of emergency in the venezuelan capital , caracas .
a viscount has been jailed for two years for sending abusive messages to gina miller , who was accused of making abusive comments about gina miller .
south korea 's defence minister , kenneth bae , has arrived in north korea , the us state department has confirmed .
pair pair 's first century of the season helped northants take control of their division two match against leicestershire at grace road .
russian president vladimir putin and his russian counterpart vladimir putin have arrived in istanbul for the first time since the overthrow of russian president vladimir putin .
two men have been arrested after drugs worth more than # 300,000 were seized in gloucestershire .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- is the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
ospreys head coach kingsley jones says his side have `` a lot of positives '' after their first defeat by ospreys at the liberty stadium .
a suspect in the murder of russian spy alexander litvinenko may have been linked to the murder of russian spy alexander litvinenko , a court has heard .
ethiopian human rights activist crossed feyisa has been shot dead in the capital , addis ababa , in the capital , addis ababa .
phil mickelson shot a five-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the first round of the us open .
heroin with a street value of # 2m has been seized in caerphilly gwent , gwent police has said .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of slavery offences following a series of raids in coventry .
the state pension age in the state of england is at its lowest level since records began , according to a new analysis .
two people have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a house in somerset .
an easyjet flight from amsterdam to amsterdam was forced to make an emergency landing at amsterdam airport , the airline has said .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a 14-year-old boy in east belfast .
at least 20 people have been killed in clashes between police and security forces in indian-administered kashmir , officials say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found at a house in buckinghamshire .
a # 3m project to transform a dorset beach has been given the go-ahead by the heritage lottery fund .
labour leadership contender owen smith has set out his vision for the government 's new bus network .
a chelsea primary school has won a legal battle against the government 's decision to ban children from primary school schools in england and wales .
the demolition of a new hospital in denbighshire has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
the mother of a three-year-old boy who died after being bitten by a twin twin twin twin syndrome has spoken of the `` miracle '' of the disease .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of drug dealing following the death of a man in greater manchester .
luton town goalkeeper paddy jones has signed a new three-year contract with the league two club .
charlie gard has become the first terminally ill baby to be given the right to die .
st johnstone have signed st johnstone midfielder craig craig on a two-year contract .
a man has been arrested in connection with allegations of fraud at a scottish independence referendum .
a lorry driver has been jailed for six years for causing the death of a mother and her daughter in a crash .
guinea reached the semi-finals of the fifa under-20 world cup with a comfortable win over guinea .
typhoon rain has hit southern china , killing at least two people and injuring dozens more , officials say .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
the number of homeless people living in wales has risen by more than a third in the last year , according to the welsh government .
former england and england cricket board chief executive hugh downton has been appointed as england 's new chief executive .
zayn malik has left the band after being left out of the band 's tour of south africa .
the son of north korean leader kim jong-un 's half-brother , kim jong-un , has been shot dead , malaysia 's foreign ministry says .
two men have been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a house in east belfast .
the battle of the somme has been marked by the battle of the somme .
the government has been accused of failing to `` stamp out '' academy academy chains in england .
the nhs in england has been told to publish details of the department of health for the first time since the general election .
prime minister david cameron 's wife , who was kidnapped in yemen last month , has been freed , the country 's foreign minister says .
swansea 's bid to become the uk city of culture in 2021 has been given the go-ahead by the city council .
the uk government has been accused of carrying out a series of air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq .
sri lanka fast bowler herath herath has been forced to retire from cricket at the age of 29 .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in west london .
a large unexploded gold mine has been found in the sea off the east kilbride coast .
twelve people have been killed and more than 100 injured in an explosion at a building building in the indian capital , delhi , officials say .
a man has died after a crash involving a lorry and a lorry in kent .
in the past few weeks you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
parents in swansea have been told they can not be vaccinated against measles because of a measles outbreak .
a `` significant '' increase in the number of inmates at a birmingham prison has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has signed a new two-year contract with the premiership club .
a prominent opposition official has been sworn in as president of the russian capital , moscow .
plans to introduce a 20mph speed limit in edinburgh have been approved by the city council .
saudi arabia has announced plans to build a new tourist destination in saudi arabia .
newport county boss gavin foxall says the club will not support a new manager in the wake of relegation from league two .
victims of crimes against victims of crime in england and wales are to receive compensation , the justice secretary has said .
the deputy speaker of guernsey 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has resigned .
syrian government forces are reported to have taken control of a strategically important town in the syrian city of aleppo .
a former chief executive of rotherham council has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of misconduct .
it 's almost time to be one of the most important moments in the history of britain 's terror attacks .
valtteri bottas will remain in formula 1 at the end of the season , bbc sport understands .
a man who was found guilty of plotting a terror attack in manchester has been found guilty of murder .
a man who stole more than # 100,000 from the scottish government has been given a two-year suspended jail sentence .
falkirk manager peter houston says he was `` surprised '' by the response to his side 's return to the championship .
plans for a new runway at gatwick airport have been approved by gatwick airport .
the family of richard bland , who was arrested over the death of a black woman in the us state of pennsylvania , has been charged with manslaughter .
local councils in england are failing to cut local authority funding cuts , a report by mps has said .
england ended their euro 2016 campaign with a comfortable victory over slovakia at euro 2016 .
the body of a man has been found at a house in the german city of frankfurt .
one of the world 's most wanted murders has been found dead at his home in hong kong .
us secretary of state john kerry has urged libya and libya to do more to tackle the threat of so-called islamic state .
great britain 's lynsey sharp won olympic gold in the men 's 400m hurdles at the rio olympics .
scott quigg retained his ibf featherweight title with a unanimous points victory over fellow briton scott quigg .
it 's been a year since tata 's tata steel plant was founded by tata 's tata steel plant in the port of heritage .
a man has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence after he was caught speeding in the street in dumfries and galloway .
sri lanka 's government has called for a new inquiry into sri lanka 's alleged crimes against humanity .
a somali cargo ship has been kidnapped in somalia , the maritime ministry says .
a west london politician has been arrested on suspicion of stalking and harassment .
the group firm thomson has reported a loss of $ 106m -lrb- # group -rrb- in the first quarter of the year , according to a report .
lady gaga has spoken out about her `` love '' after being diagnosed with breast cancer .
a teenage girl has been taken to hospital after falling into a crowd of stairs at a park in fife .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the future of myanmar 's political crisis .
a man in his 40s has died after he was hit by a car in county armagh .
india 's economy grew at an annual rate of 2.3 % in the first quarter of the year , official figures have shown .
adebayo akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as blackpool came from behind to beat league two wycombe wanderers .
the company behind the closure of merthyr tydfil steelworks has said it is `` deeply disappointing '' by the welsh government .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found dead at his home in essex .
theresa may has said the uk 's trident nuclear weapons system could be a `` disaster '' for the uk .
scientists say they have found a link between smoking and smoking at the heart of the brain .
world champion adam peaty set a new world record in the men 's 100m breaststroke at the world championships in london .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter has praised winger ben woodburn after his second spell in charge of exeter chiefs .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the country 's economic growth .
a man who posted a video mocking him at a rally in bath has apologised for posting a video on social media .
one of scotland 's most famous whisky bottles is to be auctioned for the first time .
in the middle of the middle east of the gaza strip , the gaza strip is one of the world 's most powerful housing .
ukrainian president petro poroshenko has called for a ceasefire to be held in the town of debaltseve in eastern ukraine .
a man who admitted taking his wife out of a drug has been given a two-year suspended jail sentence .
health secretary jeremy hunt has defended the government 's plan to cut the nhs in england .
premier league clubs have agreed a deal to raise money for victims of the grenfell tower fire .
talks aimed at averting a dispute over caledonian macbrayne ferry workers have been called off by the rmt union .
hundreds of people have been killed in a storm in southern poland , officials say , after the worst floods in the country .
the cast of the new play at london 's west end show have been cancelled after a show of production .
the head of a muslim school in bangladesh has been sacked after he was attacked by a group of youths , a court has heard .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car on the m4 in south wales .
thousands of people have taken part in the hong kong grand prix in hong kong .
marseille have agreed a deal to sign marseille 's former french ligue 1 side marseille .
it 's been a year since royal bank of scotland lost its stake in the royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- .
league two side plymouth argyle have signed manchester city striker connor daughter on loan until the end of the season .
a man has been stabbed to death in south london .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has released new maps of the new maps of the pacific .
the number of people displaced by severe flooding in the pacific islands of vanuatu has risen to 80 , the country 's aid minister says .
ukraine 's prime minister , arseniy yatsenyuk , has been accused of being involved in a plot to assassinate president petro poroshenko .
a third man has been arrested in dublin on suspicion of fraud , the irish government has said .
stoke city captain phil morgan will miss the start of the premier league season with a calf injury .
the head of the uk 's human rights commissioner says he is `` extremely concerned '' about the spread of slavery in the uk .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of rape after a man was attacked by a group of men in chad .
two men have been jailed for a string of sex offences against boys in flintshire .
one of the world 's biggest commercial companies , boeing , has died at the age of 97 .
the uk 's intelligence and intelligence committee has called for a new report on the uk 's intelligence services .
names names is one of the most famous women in the world .
former tour de france winner lance armstrong has been awarded $ former -lrb- # lawsuit -rrb- by the us government .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower , with the ftse 100 index closing 28 points lower .
the aa has reported a rise in annual profits for the six months to the end of june , according to the aa .
bus lanes in lancashire are to be reduced as part of a drive to reduce congestion .
an australian woman has described the moment she was hit by a wild boar in the australian outback .
a new production of the author of the author of the author philip pullman is to be set up in the west midlands .
dissident republicans have been uncovered by dissident republicans in northern ireland , police have said .
the pro12 season has been a turbulent year for the rugby union .
a school has been sent back to school after being sent off by students at a school in london .
rock band u2 have marked the 30th anniversary of the battle of rock band rock .
a former police officer has been jailed for sexually abusing a teenage girl at a pub in rochdale .
a man in uzbekistan has been arrested on suspicion of carrying out a terror attack on a man in stockholm , police say .
the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has confirmed that a us air strike on yemen 's capital , sanaa , has been hit by an air strike .
richie benaud has announced he will perform at glastonbury next year .
queen of the south moved to within a point of the league two play-off places with victory over queen of the south .
colombia 's james rodriguez has announced his retirement from the vuelta a espana .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in east london .
smartphone maker blackberry has announced that it is shutting down its new operating operating system .
olympic gold medallist louis smith has been given a new scan after being diagnosed with a brain tumour .
russian president vladimir putin has said he will not seek asylum in the country if he wins the election .
manager mark mcghee believes rangers will be able to reach the scottish cup quarter-finals if they face rangers at ibrox .
a memorial service has been held in portsmouth to mark the 70th anniversary of vj day .
great britain 's jack burnell said he was `` shocked '' by his team-mates after he missed out on a place in the second round of the european championships .
saracens prop alex lozowski will miss the rest of the season after suffering a serious knee injury .
walsall moved into the league one play-off places with a win at walsall .
more than a third of children in the uk have been sexually abused , according to a new report .
a man has been charged with sex offences against a child sex offence in north wales .
the head of the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says the country 's athletics governing body should be banned from athletics .
pope francis has condemned pope francis 's remarks about the mass killing of armenians in the ottoman catholic church .
a new trial is to be carried out into the use of hiv in the nhs in wales .
two men have been arrested in dublin on suspicion of drug trafficking offences .
a teenager has admitted causing the death of a teenager by careless driving at a school in leicester .
the new welsh secretary of state for wales has said the welsh assembly is `` not good enough '' .
all images are copyrighted .
a service of commemoration has been held in dublin to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
the bbc trust has apologised to the bbc 's decision to publish the publication of a report by the bbc trust .
a welsh drug has been given a new drug for the first time in wales .
a new species of wombat has been born at a nature reserve in australia .
a new campaign has been launched in the uk for the first time in more than 50 years .
one of northern ireland 's most famous bird birds , list , is to be put up for sale in northern ireland .
the number of people claiming unemployment in the borders rose by more than a third in the year to june , according to a new survey .
welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- leader andrew davies has apologised after appearing to inhale language language at the welsh rugby union .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have destroyed the ancient city of hatra from so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , the un says .
a man has been arrested in connection with a robbery at a convenience store in east belfast .
sir bradley wiggins has become the first briton to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
the department of transport has been reprimanded by mps over the cost of the department of transport for the department of transport .
nottinghamshire director of cricket mick newell says the club 's relegation to division one is a `` huge mistake '' .
kenyan president william ruto has been shot dead in the capital , nairobi , police say .
a cub cub has been born at a zoo in turkey , the pentagon has said .
a man has told a court how he saw a man dressed as a man outside a shopping centre in aberdeen .
carl frampton will defend his wba featherweight title against american featherweight champion leo santa cruz in belfast on saturday .
a judge in the us state of virginia has rejected a case against a man accused of sexually assaulting a teenage girl .
a heritage lottery fund has won a # km m grant from the heritage lottery fund .
the family of a man who went missing after a night out in derby have said they have been `` overwhelmed '' by the response .
us cable giant scripps has agreed a $ 1bn -lrb- # offer -rrb- deal with the us and us and us companies in a deal worth more than $ 1bn -lrb- # offer -rrb- .
two men have been arrested in connection with a police operation in the west end of glasgow .
actress she hesmondhalgh has announced she is to become the first woman to be raped in dorset .
celebrations have been held in glasgow to mark the queen 's 90th birthday celebrations .
derry city progressed to the second round of the league cup with a comfortable victory over sligo rovers at the brandywell .
police have appealed for information after a man was sexually assaulted in glasgow city centre .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man in dundee .
pro-russian rebels in eastern ukraine say they have retaken a key rebel-held area of the eastern city of donetsk .
ben stokes struck a century as england reached the final of the world twenty20 with a three-wicket victory over india in the final match of the world twenty20 .
a conservative councillor has been suspended after tweeting a tweet about a conservative candidate on twitter .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a six-year-old girl who was buried in a cathedral in spain .
mo farah has become the first british athlete to win olympic gold at the rio olympics .
league two side colchester united have signed southampton midfielder alex mcqueen on loan until the end of the season .
a spring bison has been rescued from a park in the lake district in the republic of ireland .
us president barack obama has called for `` immediate action '' in the wake of the fatal shooting of us president barack obama .
a new study suggests that some of the world 's most important inhabitants could be extinct in europe .
the cerberus investment fund , the republic of ireland , has agreed to pay a $ 1bn -lrb- # 24 -rrb- deal with the cerberus investment fund .
manchester city boss pep guardiola says his side have a `` good chance '' of winning the champions league this season .
ulster secured their first win of the pro12 season with a hard-fought victory over the ospreys at the liberty stadium .
more than 100 people have been killed in clashes between tuareg troops and islamist militants in mali , the un says .
arsenal midfielder santi cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the chief executive of the isle of man county council has been appointed as the new chief executive .
a man accused of carrying out a bomb attack on a us airport in the us state of pennsylvania has been charged with murder .
martyn irvine has announced his retirement from cycling .
the us space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- says it has found a huge clue to the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs .
south korean golfer jim allenby has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' after he was kidnapped in the us state of colorado .
the number of welsh students being investigated by universities in wales has risen by more than a third in the past five years , figures show .
one of northern ireland 's largest property firms , land registry , has been bought by the cerberus property fund .
nigeria 's parliament has approved a bill that would allow people to be given a text message to social media .
west ham have confirmed that it has sold a majority stake in west ham for an undisclosed sum .
former england and england lewis lewis lewis has retired from professional football .
the uk economy grew by 0.4 % in the first three months of the year , official figures have shown .
a study suggests that one of the us 's most david , moved , has been described as `` clear '' by us researchers .
norway 's prime minister has rejected a campaign to reintroduce a peak -lrb- idea km -rrb- on mount everest .
brazilian football star neymar has agreed to pay $ 34m -lrb- # 34m -rrb- to the brazilian football club for $ 200m -lrb- # 200m -rrb- .
teachers in northern ireland have written to the national union to discuss the pay of teachers ' pay .
national league side gateshead have made five changes to the club after their relegation to league one .
the welsh assembly 's presiding officer has called for more people to vote in the assembly election .
it 's been a busy year for fans in the world of entertainment .
venezuela 's opposition minister , opposition isturiz , has called for a referendum on whether to allow the country to stay in the country .
a new study suggests that some of the world 's leading breast cancer patients have been diagnosed with breast cancer .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the impact of the vegetation islands in the south west of england .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has met us secretary of state rex tillerson in washington .
the number of people living in the welfare system in northern ireland has increased by more than 50 % in the past year , the bbc has learned .
the world 's population is at its highest level since the 2008 financial crisis , according to a new report .
joe root has been named as england 's new test captain .
a number of students have been barred from taking part in a test test test in south korea .
scotland 's chief medical officer has been appointed as the new head of the nhs in scotland .
the uk government has announced new measures to tackle the use of immigration in the uk .
the number of cars in cars in the uk has risen for the first time in three years , according to a new study .
the us secretary of state , rex tillerson , has told the bbc he is not doing enough to return to the us .
britain 's andy murray reached the wimbledon final for the first time with victory over milos raonic at the australian open .
scientists say they have developed a new type of genetic code that could help prevent the spread of the disease .
the government has launched a legal challenge against the government 's decision to allow the uk to leave the european union .
two british tourists have been rescued after their boat capsized off the coast of western australia .
the parents of a teenager who went to the aid of an easyjet flight have said they are `` shocked '' by the airline 's decision to leave the airline .
a health trust is to be investigated by the health and health association -lrb- cqc -rrb- after it was suspended for gross misconduct .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has been a social media sensation .
armand gnanduillet scored the only goal of the game as leyton orient beat leyton orient at the hive .
brazil boss brazil boss brazil boss gary brazil says he has no regrets about his future as manager .
the us federal reserve has failed to pay a $ 1bn -lrb- â # review bn -rrb- deal with the us federal reserve in the wake of the us financial crisis .
bournemouth midfielder adam federici has signed a new four-year contract with the premier league club .
the scottish government 's decision to grant t in the t in the t in the t at the t in the park festival has been refused .
david laws has been sworn in as the new chairman of the liberal democrats .
the transocean winner of the transocean rig transocean winner has been removed from the sea off the coast of lewis .
a german woman has been ordered to pay $ case -lrb- â # suits m -rrb- to settle a lawsuit against a german woman who has filed a legal fight against her .
a us man has been arrested after posting a photo of himself on facebook in the us state of ohio .
the european central bank has raised interest rates for the first time since the financial crisis .
former ulster unionist party leader john smith has died at the age of 88 .
the world 's richest man , founder of the world 's biggest wealth fund , says that the world 's richest man , kuhn kuhn , is one of the world 's wealthiest men .
the family of a man who died after falling from a balcony in china have paid tribute to him .
belfast giants have announced the signing of belfast giants forward colin shields for the 2017/18 elite league season .
chelsea midfielder eden hazard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a cardiff university student who was diagnosed with leukaemia has appealed for help to find a stem cell donor .
an inquest into the death of a couple found dead at a care home in hereford has been found dead , an inquest has heard .
inverness caledonian thistle have appointed john hughes as their new manager .
the 2017 women 's world twenty20 gets under way in india on sunday .
gb taekwondo has been accused of failing to improve the way it is run in the sport .
former nice actor howard marks has died at the age of 84 .
forest green rovers have signed nottingham forest midfielder 24-year-old bouchalakis on a season-long loan deal .
the former president of south africa 's first lady , deputy manana , has resigned .
dozens of people are feared dead after a landslide collapsed in colombia 's capital bogota , officials say .
tesco has reported a 23 % fall in like-for-like sales to # ftse bn , as it reported a `` challenging '' performance in the supermarket .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced it will launch its first ever space telescope .
australia 's nick kyrgios won his first grand slam title by beating australia 's nick kyrgios in the shanghai masters final .
britain 's lewis-francis lewis-francis has been named in the great britain squad for the world championships in los angeles .
an investigation is under way after a man 's body was found on a beach in gwynedd .
fleetwood town have signed bradford city striker danny alexander on a season-long loan deal .
the british cycling association -lrb- chief -rrb- , ian drake , has announced his retirement from cycling .
a school in northern ireland has launched a programme to help children with mental health problems in northern ireland .
two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death by a gang of men .
hibernian head coach alan stubbs has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club .
ferguson and white police officers have been charged with murder after a black man was shot dead in ferguson , missouri .
a study into the construction of a stretch of the m74 motorway in glasgow has concluded that the construction of the m8 was `` not acceptable '' .
a lorry driver has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a lorry was found in a lorry in essex .
a british man accused of attempting to smuggle two british tourists into the uk has been charged with firearms offences .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault on a train .
nigeria 's economy has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
the archbishop of canterbury has apologised for the first time about child sex abuse in australia .
arsenal moved up to third in the premier league with a routine victory over arsenal at emirates stadium .
a police investigation is under way after a man 's body was found in a petrol station in north belfast .
scientists are studying the glacier glacier glacier glacier in the himalayas .
the video game game game game of thrones is being investigated by the football association for failing to manipulate the game .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of sexually assaulting his girlfriend has been cleared .
west brom boss tony pulis says west brom striker saido berahino will not be able to play in the premier league .
a us police officer has been charged with murder after the death of a teenager in the us state of dallas .
new swansea city head coach alan curtis says the club have a `` big chance '' of being relegated from the premier league .
league two side stevenage have signed defender rob evans on a two-year deal following his release by shrewsbury town .
a 14-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a train in glasgow .
a man who was trapped in a car by a car in norfolk has been named by police .
peterborough united manager graham westley says his side 's poor start to the season was a `` disaster '' .
a british soldier who shot dead a british soldier in afghanistan has been named by the ministry of defence .
the funeral of us student otto warmbier has taken place in north korea .
in the wake of the killing of islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the egyptian capital , the bbc 's 75-year-old segment looks back at the scene .
mo farah became the first briton to win three olympic titles as he won the men 's double at the world championships in london .
the mother of a 13-year-old girl who died in a flat flat in ukraine has been found dead , her mother says .
josh charnley says he wants to return to rugby league for the first time after signing a new three-year contract with the premiership club .
sir bradley wiggins and sir bradley wiggins have been named in the great britain team for the 2016 tour de france .
glamorgan have signed south african batsman colin ingram as their overseas player for 2017 .
lewis hamilton says he is confident he can win the title race at the canadian grand prix .
former tv star gary anderson is to star in a tv auction to celebrate the 50th anniversary of his death .
nato 's human rights group says it is `` deeply concerned '' about the deaths of civilians in the libyan city of sirte .
league one side oldham athletic have signed midfielder harry maguire on a two-year deal after his release by barnsley .
the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has announced it will launch a new role service in powys .
a hospital 's maternity care unit is to close at the end of the year , health bosses have said .
one of the world 's largest aircraft , the wooden , has died at the age of 97 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a train .
the football association says it is `` extremely sorry '' by claims the football association has been accused of being `` nonsense '' by the football association .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has apologised to the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- over an email email sent to scotland fans .
dundee united manager mixu paatelainen believes his side can avoid relegation from the premiership .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of religious leaders in south africa .
a ticket ticket at the centre of the beatles band has been sold at auction for # ticket .
huddersfield giants beat huddersfield giants to win the super league for the first time this season .
antrim fought back from two goals down to beat armagh in the christy ring cup final at croke park .
dagenham & redbridge made it two wins from two in the national league with victory over bromley .
a north sea oil company has been killed in a storm off norway , according to norwegian media .
a japanese woman has been charged with manslaughter over the death of a woman in japan .
two players from swansea have been left out of their squad for the first time since the end of the season .
st mary 's bessbrook clinched a place in the semi-finals of the st mary 's cup at st mary 's park in belfast .
former olympic champion hayley turner has said she is `` not a job '' after being named in the queen 's birthday honours list .
it 's been a turbulent year for former us president barack obama and us president barack obama .
alastair cook 's future as england captain in the second test against sri lanka was a remarkable moment for england .
police are investigating a petrol bomb attack on a petrol bomb in strabane , county antrim .
the uk 's broadband watchdog has been accused of being `` most '' by the security services authority -lrb- cma -rrb- .
it 's been a year since the end of the united states in the united states .
a man has pleaded guilty to being involved in a series of raids on the site of the notorious silk road marketplace .
hull city are set to sign a new contract with the premier league club .
uk foreign secretary philip hammond has said he is `` very optimistic '' about the uk 's departure from the european union .
a lorry driver has been jailed for trying to smuggle migrants into the uk from the uk .
holders hibernian will face holders celtic in the scottish cup semi-final at hampden park on saturday .
the united states and the united nations have signed a deal that will see the united states reach a deal with the united states .
police in the north-western province of kandahar have freed more than 200 police officers in the north-western province of province , officials say .
former lib dem leader nick clegg has said he will not stand in the house of lords if he wins the election .
a londonderry primary school is in a critical condition after being hit by a car at a school in county antrim .
british pole vaulter sally peake says she is looking forward to competing for the world indoor championships in rio .
one of the largest academy chains in the uk has been axed by the government .
ireland centre ryan ryan has been ruled out of saturday 's six nations match against italy with a knee injury .
wigan boosted their play-off hopes with a win over struggling wigan at the dw stadium .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a baby girl in west dunbartonshire .
ukip has pledged to increase defence spending by the end of the year , the party has said .
the parents of a couple who died after being hit by a car in somerset have said they are `` devastated '' by the response .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has reopened its doors for the first time since the paris attacks .
ferrari 's kimi raikkonen headed a ferrari one-two in final practice at the bahrain grand prix .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a van in glasgow .
two men have been charged with murder following the fatal shooting of a man in rhondda cynon taff .
pakistan 's performance in the uae has been postponed because of security concerns , according to pakistan 's chief medical officer .
a teenager has died after being hit by a car at a rally in the highlands .
a restaurant restaurant in somalia 's capital , mogadishu , is one of the most famous people in the world .
shoppers in wales are being urged to stop smoking in their stores as part of a crackdown on the sale of their stores .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in st george .
a former police officer has been charged with gross misconduct offences .
former prime minister tony blair is to be interviewed by mps over the iraq inquiry into the iraq war .
a new derby has opened in derby for the first time in its history .
scotland 's economic growth forecasts for the first time in more than a year , according to a new report .
hollywood star george clooney has received a letter from the home secretary , george clooney , in a letter to his family .
two police officers have been cleared of misconduct after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
as italy and italy prepare for the euro 2016 finals , bbc sport 's football expert mark ray is pitting his wits against the republic of ireland .
sports direct , the founder of sports direct , has resigned .
great britain 's men missed out on a place in the quarter-finals of the women 's world cup after a 2-1 win over south korea .
the liberal democrats have launched a campaign to scrap tuition fees for students in england and wales .
the uk 's biggest online retailer , harris , has been accused of letting rental websites for the first time .
the family of a man who died in the aftermath of the grenfell tower fire have paid tribute to him .
natural resources wales -lrb- nrw -rrb- has rejected a deal with the company responsible for a new timber contract in wales .
drug trafficking is one of the most notorious drug crises in the world , according to the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- .
a main road in bournemouth has been closed after a burst main burst .
manchester city have agreed a deal to sign manchester city midfielder john stones for an undisclosed fee .
when the atp world tour finals kicks off , the atp world tour finals is under way .
the number of nursery staff in england has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to the department for education .
the number of abnormal bone cancer patients at the heart of the bone marrow bone in the uk has been explained by scientists .
celtic striker leigh griffiths is set to miss the rest of the season with a hamstring injury .
a kentucky clerk has gone on trial in kentucky for refusing to issue marriage licences to gay couples .
the scottish airline has announced that it will launch a new flight to the north sea .
plans to demolish jersey 's tallest building in jersey have been approved by the government .
the scottish government has said it is `` appalled '' by the scottish government 's bid for a new land on land land in scotland .
the number of child sexual exploitation in scotland has fallen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to new figures .
hartlepool united have appointed former hartlepool united manager craig hignett as their new manager .
the chancellor 's announcement that the government 's spending budget is likely to be `` a bit boring '' , according to the treasury .
the us ambassador to the us has said it is `` deeply concerned '' by the us ambassador to the us , accusing them of being behind the us .
the number of syrian refugees being housed in wales has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , figures show .
italian police have seized millions of euros worth of euros -lrb- $ 1.2 bn ; # 1.5 m -rrb- in assets worth more than # 600,000 .
ghana coach avram grant says he will not be satisfied with his side after the africa cup of nations in gabon .
parts of the east of scotland have been hit by a huge wave of snow .
england reached the semi-finals of the women 's world twenty20 with a dismissal victory over australia at the oval .
pakistan took a big step towards the first test against west indies with a amir victory over west indies in abu dhabi .
a helicopter had to be winched to safety after a helicopter crashed into the brecon beacons .
the us defence secretary has said he will not support the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria to help fight the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
google has unveiled a smartphone app that allows people to hail balloons on the internet .
the northern ireland executive has said it is `` deeply concerned '' by the government 's plan to save the northern ireland airlines flight from belfast to belfast .
at the end of last year , the crew of the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group have finally been able to return to the uk for the first time .
a court in the southern indian state of karnataka has ordered a court to suspend the trial of a italian court in the capital , delhi .
the us state of kansas has passed a tax on sanitary products in the us state of oklahoma .
bromley moved into the national league relegation zone with victory over torquay at hayes lane .
livingston moved up to third in the scottish league one table with a comfortable win over airdrieonians .
wolves head coach walter zenga says his side are capable of beating championship rivals wolves in the championship .
a cardiff artist has become the first welsh artist to win a film award at cardiff 's queen 's college honours list .
the chief executive of east yorkshire council has resigned from his post after failing to resign .
fishermen in wales are being urged to stay away from the sea off the coast of pembrokeshire .
a man has admitted killing a woman who was found dead at a house in lincolnshire .
northern ireland 's world cup qualifier against northern ireland has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
haiti 's president michel martelly has resigned after a row with president michel martelly .
a teenage girl has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a young girl was seriously injured in a car .
a conservative mp has called for a public inquiry into the welsh government 's decision to leave the welsh government .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of the british soldier 's death in afghanistan .
the uk population grew by more than a third in the last year , according to official figures .
more than 1,000 ballot papers have been sent to the polling stations in hull in a bid to stop the outcome of the election .
prime minister theresa may has announced the uk 's decision to leave the european union .
wigan half-back andy flower has been banned for two weeks and fined # 20,000 for posting abusive comments about st helens ' lance hohaia .
the chief minister of the indian state of kerala has accused the government of failing to `` fix '' the country 's culture minister , accusing him of being `` fake '' .
a man who tried to groom a 14-year-old girl in newport has been jailed for three years .
a review of care for care in wales has been launched by the welsh government .
james anderson made his first championship century of the season to help his side beat yorkshire on day one at old trafford .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why nigerians are playing in cricket .
a ward at altnagelvin hospital in londonderry had to be evacuated after a fire broke out at a hospital .
at least 14 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in syria 's capital , damascus , officials say .
wolves chairman jeff morgan has signed a new two-year deal with the championship club .
aston villa midfielder jack grealish has signed a new three-year contract with the republic of ireland .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual abuse at a house in greater manchester .
a statue of a gorilla has been unveiled as part of a new statue of a gorilla statue .
england head coach daryl powell says her side 's 8-0 defeat by japan in the women 's world cup quarter-final defeat by france was a `` massive game '' .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a group of men in buckinghamshire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's main share index closed higher , with shares in broadcaster itv seeing the ftse 100 index unchanged .
a pakistani court has sentenced a pakistani man to 10 years in prison for the murder of a pakistani woman in pakistan .
the head of the australian government has said he is `` disappointed '' by the idea of a proposal to cut the number of people living in the country .
the former boss of the home office , rafael benitez , has said he was `` shocked '' by the `` fake '' immigration scandal .
a man and a woman have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
members of the rmt union are to be balloted on strike action in a row over pay and conditions .
premier league footballer ross barkley has apologised for comments he made about everton striker ross barkley .
wembley , wembley , wembley , wembley , wembley , wembley , wembley , wembley , wembley , wembley , wembley .
in the truth forest of truth , a small forest in the amazon region of forest , a small forest in the amazon region of forest , in the southern state of brazil .
three teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of syria-related terrorism offences , police have said .
the number of tonnes of waste in pembrokeshire has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to new figures .
manchester city have been drawn in the champions league group stage for the first time in their history .
el salvador 's diners diners , the diners owe , has been found dead at a restaurant in the capital , caracas .
the met office has issued a yellow `` be aware '' warning for snow in parts of northern scotland .
two brothers have been found not guilty of perverting the course of justice for the attempted murder of a county armagh man .
wigan warriors prop flower flower has been banned for two matches by the rugby football league after pleading guilty to striking wigan half-back flower flower .
the russian government has announced new details of the world 's largest online encyclopaedia , the edition edition of the kremlin .
a number of men have been arrested in west africa over the past three years , the bbc has learned .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says his side can win the champions league group stage after they beat celtic in the scottish premiership .
the european court of human rights has upheld a ruling by the european court of human rights in the european court of human rights .
a new law has come into force in the republic of ireland to change the marriage of women who are married .
smartphone maker qualcomm has reported a 20 % drop in annual profits to $ through bn -lrb- â # company bn -rrb- .
a man has been arrested after a number of suspected illegal species were found in the uk .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a block of flats in london .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a pedestrian was struck by a car in diamond , county antrim .
the chief executive of queen 's university in belfast has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of the corporation 's finances .
boaty hand has been named as the new anchor of the great british bake off .
elias kachunga scored a late winner as huddersfield maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with victory at huddersfield .
venezuela 's supreme court has condemned the use of human rights abuses in the venezuelan capital , caracas .
the former head of the world 's biggest technology companies , judges hart , has been awarded a knighthood in the new year honours list .
the labour party has said it will not seek a general election on 8 june .
police have appealed for information after a giant was spotted on a busy road in south london .
more needs to be done to improve the well-being of people with learning disabilities , a report says .
scientists in the us have launched a new project to map the earliest known ancestor of the world .
a group of police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of the business .
england women 's coach anna signeul has been named in the women 's six nations squad for the women 's six nations .
juventus 's serie a title hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by udinese in serie a.
the number of new homes in scotland has reached a record high , according to new figures .
head coach alan solomons says south africa will not be distracted by the end of the season .
a study suggests that coffee in italy may be able to spot coffee , drinking coffee and coffee , according to a study .
hundreds of homes at a londonderry shopping centre have been evacuated after a gas leak .
lancashire 's hopes of reaching the division one play-offs suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by lancashire .
a bus driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in edinburgh .
a former raf pilot has been jailed for two years for carrying out a series of air strikes at an raf base .
a man has been jailed for six months for biting a dog in a `` leg '' dog .
former archbishop of canterbury lord carey has called on the church of lords to allow the assisted dying bill to die .
coventry 's historical fire station has been given the go-ahead by the city council .
a man has pleaded guilty to stealing # 30,000 from a mother 's mother in perth .
northern ireland 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of euro 2016 were dealt a major blow as they were beaten 3-1 by northern ireland .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she wants to leave the welsh assembly .
the us economy added inflation jobs in june , according to the latest official figures .
the world 's biggest athletics championships will be held in london later this year .
the international committee of the red cross -lrb- icrc -rrb- has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the conflict in yemen .
a rise in the number of gay and bisexual men in the uk has increased by more than a third in the past five years , figures show .
a former nurse has been cleared of giving birth to her own grandchild , a court has heard .
an inquest into the death of a woman who died after being hit by a patient is being investigated by a coroner .
actress announcement khalil , who has died at the age of 82 , has been named as the new star of the new harry potter book .
passengers have been told to stay away from flight after a plane crashed on the runway at st james 's airport .
national league side boreham wood have signed newport county striker chris wood on loan until the end of the season .
the british and irish lions came from behind to beat australia in the british and irish lions in sydney .
more than # 1m has been pledged to help tackle the number of people in wales in wales .
deem deem , one of wales ' most famous children , has died at the age of 99 .
dozens of people have been killed in a stampede at a church in nigeria 's capital , abuja , witnesses say .
a man has been charged in connection with a robbery at a co-op store in fife .
middlesex batsman michael simpson has signed a new three-year contract with the county championship division one side .
two former police officers have been cleared of misconduct over allegations of misconduct in the republic of ireland .
a new york magazine has been named in the new york times for the first time in its history .
dundee united manager grant mccann praised his side 's performance after their 2-0 win over dundee .
france international abdoul camara has joined french ligue 1 side montpellier on a season-long loan .
solihull moors have signed former arsenal midfielder shaun edwards on a two-year deal .
british and irish lions coach warren gatland says warren gatland 's players are capable of winning the british and irish lions tour to new zealand .
a dog that was shot in the leg by a dog in fife has been named as shot one-year-old .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in south africa against the death of influential organisers .
a police officer has been found guilty of murdering a man who was found dead at a hotel in caerphilly county .
the ancient tomb of a pharaoh in china has been discovered in china .
katarina johnson-thompson became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the world athletics championships in beijing .
west indies reached the semi-finals of the women 's world twenty20 with a seeking victory over west indies in bangalore .
a lorry driver who killed a cyclist in a hit-and-run crash has been jailed for six years .
the head of volkswagen , volkswagen , has been fined $ recall -lrb- # 49m -rrb- for fixing the diesel emissions scandal .
one of the uk 's most famous models of snow has been sold for the first time in the uk .
a photograph of a dolphin and dolphin has been captured in the sea off aberdeen .
germany 's economy shrank by 0.8 % in the first three months of the year , according to the latest official figures .
a man accused of the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a liverpool park has told a court he was a `` stupid mistake '' .
the publication of the publication of the new edition of vanity magazine is to be published online .
coventry city football club has won the premier league for the first time in its history .
plans to increase tuition fees in england and wales have been announced by the government .
malta 's prime minister has said he is `` shocked '' by the decision to ban illegal birds of prey in malta .
the tapes detailing the tapes of the late poet hilary benn have gone on display at the national museum of london .
uk house prices rose for the second month in a row , according to the halifax .
a 17th century painting by sir andrew painting has been sold at auction for # painting .
nottingham panthers head coach corey neilson says his side are capable of winning the world ice hockey championship .
at least two people have been killed and three others injured in a shooting at a police station in new york city .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police has stepped down from his role as chief constable of south yorkshire police .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
serves , guyana , guyana , serves , serves , serves , serves , serves , serves , serves and serves .
a man has been remanded in custody charged with the attempted murder of a van in county armagh .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving after the death of a man who was hit by a car .
eddie izzard has announced he will run for the first time since his death last year .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
brazil 's supreme court has asked brazilian president luiz inacio lula da silva to stand trial on corruption charges .
prime minister david cameron has said he is `` deeply concerned '' by the uk 's response to the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a burst water in the east of england .
a russian man has told a court how he tried to buy a security escort in the us state of oregon .
a woman has been found dead at a somerset nature reserve .
smoking , smoking , smoking , smoke , smoking or smoking ?
scottish secretary of state john hepburn has said the outcome of the scottish economy is a `` real risk '' for the economy .
russia 's national security agency -lrb- fsb -rrb- has proposed a new law to tackle the growing number of russian citizens .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has said she does not want a second independence referendum if the uk leaves the european union .
pop star taylor swift has been named billboard 's winner of the year at the billboard music awards .
championship side bolton wanderers have appointed former bolton wanderers boss chris wilder as their new manager .
the saudi-led coalition of yemen 's houthi rebels , abdrabbuh mansour hadi , has launched a series of air strikes against houthi rebels in yemen .
in the wake of the paris climate change , bbc news looks at some of the highlights of the bbc news website .
the family of a seven-year-old boy who went viral on a beach in australia say they have been `` overwhelmed '' by the response .
more than 100 people have been arrested in iran on suspicion of posting pictures on social media .
mae ' r kittel melyn o kittel wedi cael eu kittel yn erbyn y du de france .
tributes have been paid to a man who died when a accident boat sank off the coast of canada .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in essex .
former labour mp eric joyce has been found guilty of a string of sex offences against boys .
kent have signed south africa all-rounder kyle dickson on a two-year deal .
malawi 's former prime minister peter mutharika has died at the age of 94 .
pope francis has ordered the vatican to release a priest convicted of leaking confidential documents to the vatican .
a san francisco neighbourhood in san francisco has been sold for $ terrace -lrb- â # terrace -rrb- in the us city of san francisco .
leicester tigers captain tom youngs says he has no regrets about returning to australia after being ruled out of the rest of the season .
the minister responsible for planning permission for a controversial fracking project in northern ireland has withdrawn from the site .
a man has been found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after a teenager was killed in a car crash .
warrington wolves have signed prop jamie bailey on a two-year deal following his release by hull kr .
police investigating the disappearance of toddler ben needham in kos have said they are `` devastated '' by the disappearance of missing toddler ben needham .
a cyclist who died after being hit by a lorry in south-east london has been named as she minakhmetova .
a new trial is being carried out into the treatment of children with epilepsy in edinburgh .
ofsted inspectors have called for `` immediate improvements '' in the inspection of ofsted inspections in england .
the family of a man who went missing after a night out in kent have paid tribute to him .
a tortoise that was stolen from a shop in lancashire is being cared for by police .
it 's one of the most popular news stories of the year .
when a mother and daughter were diagnosed with anorexia , they need to be a doctor for the first time .
super league side wakefield trinity have signed former hull kr and england under-20 international ryan naughton .
gillingham manager ady pennock says he is `` happy '' to sign a new contract with the league two club .
tens of thousands of nigerians have taken part in elections in nigeria 's presidential election .
malala yousafzai , the pakistani schoolgirl who was born in pakistan , has been shot dead in the pakistani capital , islamabad .
hundreds of commuters have been left without power after heavy rain caused flooding and disruption across parts of england .
a by-election has been held in the constituency of dumfries and galloway .
dagenham bolstered their national league play-off hopes with a comfortable win at eastleigh .
the story of the late french writer and actress alexander williams has been unveiled in the french town of actress .
the former governor of nigerian state governor james ibori has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for corruption and money laundering .
former world champion ashley mckenzie has been named in the queen 's birthday honours list .
the liberal democrats have accused the liberal democrats of being `` pressure '' over the use of free schools in england .
the uk 's immigration agency says it is `` highly concerned '' about the number of people living in the uk in the uk , the bbc has learned .
cuba 's ambassador to the united states has been greeted by diplomatic ties with the united states .
more needs to be done to improve the number of disabled people in the south of england , a charity has said .
worcestershire 's mark khan hit a career-best century to help sussex beat sussex by eight wickets in the one-day cup at hove .
edinburgh 's old city of edinburgh has been given the go-ahead for the first time .
former ulster unionist leader mike flynn has won a legal battle against a police force over claims he was involved in the murder of a former loyalist informer .
german chancellor angela merkel has announced a new wave of measures aimed at easing the influx of asylum seekers .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against plans to build a new hotel in gloucester .
firefighters have been tackling a series of fires in rhondda cynon taff in south wales .
plans for a multi-million pound development in telford have been given the go-ahead by the ministry of defence .
a large sinkhole has opened at a property in north yorkshire .
northern ireland 's new clinic clinic , marie purvis , has announced that she is to step down from the clinic .
french president francois hollande has told the bbc he is `` very optimistic '' that the european union will win a referendum on eu membership .
scientists say they have found a way to heartbeat a tiny rabbit that can be controlled by humans .
when shannon shannon was born in the house of julie , in the early hours of the morning , a six-year-old boy is on the verge of becoming the first person in the uk to live .
scotland moved to the top of the scottish premiership with a hard-fought victory over scotland .
the number of council tax in wales has risen by more than a third in the last year .
the chief executive of barnet council has said he is `` disappointed '' by the council 's decision to close the council 's decision to leave the eu .
northampton town boss dean richards says he has no regrets about signing a new contract with the club .
a hospital in the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- has accused doctors of attempting to save a woman from a hospital in the western state of uae .
the recent attacks on a beach in the south of the united states has been linked to a deadly attack on a beach in south korea .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man in dublin in the republic of ireland .
the scottish government has been accused of `` burying the size of taxation '' by the scottish government .
a leading conservationist has accused the welsh government of being `` focusing '' over the spread of bovine tb .
the uk 's oil and gas authority -lrb- nda -rrb- has confirmed it is investigating the discovery of a massive earthquake in the uk .
police investigating the murders of two british tourists on the thai island of koh tao are to return to thailand , thai police have said .
south london 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been accused of rape and rape by police in south london .
the owner of hastings pier has raised more than # 1m to buy a derelict pier , it has been announced .
national league side sutton united have signed former manchester united midfielder rory kleinveldt on a one-year contract .
a survey of nhs survey suggests that the nhs in england has fallen by more than a third in the past year .
a large fire has broken out at a house in suffolk .
swansea city midfielder nathan clement has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza has been sworn in as president of burundi 's capital , bujumbura .
more than 100 people have been jailed for sexually abusing children in a care home in north wales .
plans to cut maternity care at a north wales hospital have been dropped , the health board has said .
the european commission has opened a legal challenge to the european commission over the tax avoidance scandal .
for the first time since the end of the world championships , the scottish indoor championships is back to the end of the season .
a murder investigation has been launched after the body of a teenage girl was found in a manchester street .
more than half of scottish firms are worried about the impact of brexit , according to a survey .
a new target for mental health treatment for people with mental health problems is to be extended , health minister mark drakeford has said .
the family of a mother and daughter who died after being hit by a car in swansea have said they are `` devastated '' by the response .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall have met prince charles for the first time .
wales hooker ken owens says he is `` proud '' to be included in wales ' squad for the six nations opener against wales on saturday .
celtic manager ronny deila believes his side can win the europa league group stage .
doncaster missed the chance to move into the league two play-off places as they were held to a draw by colchester .
yet yet , one of the world 's most famous oak , is one of the most successful oak in the world .
sale sharks returned to the top of the premiership with a bonus-point win over sale sharks .
women 's super league one club arsenal ladies have signed arsenal ladies ' women 's player of the year award .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that could help humans restore the human brain .
former prime minister david cameron has died at the age of 84 .
more than half of young people in england are living in care , according to a report by mps .
torquay united have signed midfielder midfielder goalscorer on a season-long loan from premier league side torquay united .
a three-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being bitten by a dog in leeds .
kell brook says he wants to fight middleweight champion gennady golovkin for the ibf world welterweight title in london on saturday .
us energy giant noble has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to the end of december .
shrewsbury town moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with a comfortable victory over shrewsbury .
france 's far-right leader marine le pen has won the french presidential election .
bbc sport looks back at the great north run to be held in the great north run for the first time .
the world 's largest food company , mcdonald 's , has said it is `` very confident '' that the country 's largest food supplier , mcdonald , is not the only place in the world .
england 's laura massaro is through to the semi-finals of the women 's world squash championship in south korea .
a new nhs hospital in west london is to close its a&e unit in a bid to improve patient safety .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us shares closed lower on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average higher than the previous day .
the northern ireland assembly has rejected calls for a review of the controversial free parking system in northern ireland .
the number of people living in the uk has risen by more than a third in the three months to march , according to a new report .
brighton have signed midfielder steve sidwell from championship rivals brighton & hove albion for an undisclosed fee .
a pair of queen victoria 's silk stockings have been sold at auction for # pants .
a police force has apologised after a five-year-old girl was found dead in a supermarket in pembrokeshire .
league two side carlisle united have signed winger mike jones on a two-year deal following his release by league two rivals carlisle united .
england made it two wins from two in the one-day tri-series with a greenway victory over australia in the first test at trent bridge .
england head coach tony hall says he is confident his side can beat australia in the world rugby under-20 championship .
scotland 's ski industry has seen a sharp increase in the number of snow in scotland , according to ski-scotland .
a project to mark the 150th anniversary of the bp portrait gallery has been announced .
chinese officials have accused china of using illegal trade in china , in a meeting with chinese officials .
the tour de france 's governing body has said it is `` extremely disappointed '' by the number of people taking part in this year 's tour de france .
robert kubica says he will not be able to return to formula 1 at the end of the season .
the number of people arrested in the us state of mexico last year has risen to its lowest level since records began .
portsmouth boss michael cook has agreed a deal to become the new manager of portsmouth .
leicester city striker jamie vardy says jamie vardy is the best player in the premier league , according to leicester boss claudio ranieri .
two people have been taken to hospital after a rollercoaster crash at alton towers .
paul pogba has been left out of liverpool 's squad for saturday 's fa cup third-round tie against aston villa .
the widow of labour mp jo cox has died at the age of 74 .
dog owners in wrexham could be banned from keeping dog owners under plans being considered by the welsh government .
ireland 's new justice minister , bob shatter , has resigned .
tom westley hit a century as essex beat essex by eight wickets in the one-day cup at edgbaston .
a man 's body has been found by police searching for a missing man .
a teenage boy has become the first in the world to be given a place in the welsh open final .
a japanese woman has gone on trial in japan accused of murdering her husband .
scotland coach darren wilson says darren wilson will be a `` great honour '' as he prepares for the world cup qualifier against scotland .
turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan has urged turkey to take action against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
league one side celta vigo have signed celta vigo forward celta vigo on a season-long loan deal .
plans to increase the number of visitors to liverpool city centre have been rejected by the city 's mayor .
england took a big step towards the second test against bangladesh with a hosts victory over bangladesh in dhaka .
grimsby secured their place in the league two play-offs with a comfortable victory over mansfield .
league two side cambridge united have signed former oxford united midfielder ryan dunkley on a two-year contract .
a man has died after being hit by a car in lincolnshire .
fifa president gianni infantino has called on the world football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- to reconsider a proposal to expand the world cup .
a professional boxer who was convicted of assaulting his ex-girlfriend has been given a suspended prison sentence .
a police community support fund -lrb- hlf -rrb- has been ordered to pay # 500,000 to fund a # 1m fund to help fund a # 1m fund .
comedian bill bailey has been left `` shocked '' after his van was stolen from a gig in liverpool .
scottish premiership side kilmarnock have signed former kilmarnock midfielder craig samson on a two-year contract .
chancellor philip hammond has defended the government 's plan to make the uk government 's economic policy .
grimsby town have signed mansfield town midfielder kevan hurst on a one-month loan deal .
police officers in england and wales are failing to recruit black police officers , according to a new report .
badger culling is to be introduced in england and wales in a bid to curb the spread of bovine tb .
salford red devils owner marwan koukash says he will not be able to stay in the super league this season .
hundreds of people have taken part in a rally in the republic of ireland against a planned rally in the republic of ireland .
the british and irish lions ' new tour of new zealand is a big game for the british and irish lions .
jon stead scored the only goal of the game as hartlepool came from behind to beat hartlepool in league two .
a teenage girl is in a critical condition after being hit by a car in birmingham .
the family of a man who was killed in a car crash in orlando , florida , have paid tribute to him .
former shadow cabinet minister david lammy has said he will stand down as leader of the labour party .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a recycling centre in cardiff .
us researchers have given a reward of $ 2m -lrb- â # flight m -rrb- to help hackers hack the internet .
the man convicted of murdering irish woman jill meagher has been found guilty of murder .
a whale has washed up on a suffolk beach .
world number one rory mcilroy says he will be fit to play at this year 's scottish open because of injury .
a new study has suggested that a new airport could be built at heathrow airport in the next few years .
children in the uk are more likely to have a sleep sleep , according to a new study .
leicester tigers have appointed director of rugby matthew bates as their new head coach .
at least eight people have died and dozens have been injured in a fire at a factory in the austrian city of decomposing , officials say .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi gwrthod y bydd llywodraeth cymru wedi cael ei llywodraeth gan ôl llywodraeth cymru .
us president donald trump 's son-in-law , jared kushner , has announced she is leaving the white house .
everton have appointed roberto martinez as their new manager on a three-year deal .
scientists say they have found a big impact on the ice sheet of the ice sheet in antarctica .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked in glasgow city centre .
the uk unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level for three years , official figures show .
the number of inmates at a nottinghamshire prison has increased in the past year , according to a new report .
the number of nhs meals in scotland has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to new figures .
one person has died and a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after a fire at a concert in toronto .
the us air force has announced that it is stepping down , the company has announced .
the new jaguar land rover -lrb- jlr -rrb- rover is set to make its debut for the next two years .
a former us basketball player has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend .
derbyshire batsman sean dickson hit a career-best century to help his side beat kent in the one-day cup at canterbury .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has accused labour leader jeremy corbyn of being `` myself '' in the party 's leadership contest .
a british aid worker kidnapped by al-qaeda in afghanistan has been reunited with her kidnappers after she was kidnapped in afghanistan .
the european competition authority -lrb- cma -rrb- has rejected an investigation into the takeover of heineken brewer heineken pub .
borussia dortmund have completed the signing of manchester united midfielder ousmane dembele for an undisclosed fee .
youtube and youtube have paid a record number of musicians in a row over the streaming industry .
plans to close a swimming pool in derby have been given the go-ahead by the city council .
prince alwaleed has agreed to invest $ 10bn -lrb- # negotiations -rrb- investment in saudi arabia .
a motorcyclist who died after being hit by a car in lancashire has been named by police .
a new method of cystic fibrosis has been trialled in the uk for the first time .
chinese billionaire zhou yongkang has been arrested in china , the country 's media chief has said .
two men arrested in connection with the murder of a man in essex have been released on bail .
dundee striker stewart stewart says dundee have a `` big decision '' to sign dundee striker stewart stewart .
toronto mayor rob ford has died at the age of 46 .
dundee united were held to a goalless draw by raith rovers at stark lane .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenage boy was stabbed in a west midlands street .
police in the western indian state of gujarat have arrested two men suspected of being involved in a mob attack in the western state of gujarat .
the turkish military says it has seized a boat loaded in the waters off the coast of gaza .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of child sex offences after he was found dead at a house in lincolnshire .
scientists say they have found a way to curb the spread of the world 's most dangerous drug .
the longlist for this year 's royal bank of ireland -lrb- longlist -rrb- have been announced .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has said it will not take action on the northern ireland assembly .
what is thought to be the world 's first experiment astronaut has been developed in china .
print sales in scotland have fallen by more than a third in the past year , according to a new report .
jameson , the world 's largest spirits maker , has reported a sharp rise in sales for the first half of the year .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in somerset .
a book of dylan thomas is to be sold at swansea university for the first time .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall have arrived in new zealand for the first time .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the age of age .
mae ' r chi sy 'n chwilio chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi chi dyna dyna dyna dyna dyna sydd .
in the wake of the deadly suicide bomb attack in yemen , the bbc 's dawood aqap looks at the middle east .
leeds united chairman david haigh has left the club by mutual consent .
chelsea 's title hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by manchester city at etihad stadium .
welsh cyclist aled davies has set a new world record for the world indoor championships in london .
west ham moved up to second place in the premier league with victory over west ham at london stadium .
ofsted has defended its decision to reinstate a muslim muslim school in birmingham .
star wars : the force awakens has been nominated for best film at this year 's golden globe awards .
two men have been arrested after a raid on a police operation in the republic of ireland .
barclays chief executive bob jenkins has stepped down as chief executive of barclays in the wake of the financial crisis .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's main share index closed lower , with the ftse 100 index closing 28 points higher .
charlton athletic have signed chelsea midfielder dasilva dasilva on a season-long loan deal .
a man has been rescued from the forth -lrb- gearbox -rrb- in the scottish borders after being hit by a car .
the family of a man who died in police custody have called for a judicial inquiry into the investigation into his death .
gambian president yahya jammeh has announced that he will step down as president of the united states .
st johnstone maintained their seven-point lead at the top of the premiership with victory over inverness caledonian thistle .
chelsea midfielder john mikel obi has been charged with misconduct by the football association for allegedly abusing chelsea midfielder john mikel obi .
sherlock actor benedict cumberbatch is to star in a new production of shakespeare 's hamlet in london .
tributes have been paid to irish prime minister reynolds reynolds , who has died at the age of 88 .
paris st-germain have completed the signing of paris st-germain midfielder marquinhos marquinhos for an undisclosed fee .
italy 's lower house of parliament has voted to end the process of reducing the country 's power system .
a 13-year-old boy has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in bradford .
the family of a man who went missing after a night out in manchester have paid tribute to them .
the mother of a man found dead at a house in wakefield has been named by police .
brazilian police have launched an investigation into the rape of a teenage girl in rio de janeiro .
a # 1m fundraising grant has been awarded for a # 1m grant to help save a church in st mary 's church .
one of australia 's most famous oldman , walter , has been destroyed in a fire in australia .
the house of lords , the house of lords , will be on the agenda for the first time since the brexit vote .
an australian police officer has been suspended after being suspended for refusing to investigate a screening screening at a new york airport .
an australian runner has become the first person to win a race for the first time in almost 30 years .
claudio ranieri 's reign as leicester city manager began with a shock defeat by leicester city in the premier league .
alexis sanchez scored a hat-trick as arsenal came from behind to beat watford in the premier league .
a light aircraft has crashed into a light aircraft in the sky .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have announced that it will step down in the new year .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a street brawl in east london .
blackpool moved to within a point of the league two play-off places with victory over play-off hopefuls blackpool .
a sheffield patient who had to be rescued from the summit of mount everest has thanked the summit of the summit of the summit of the summit .
online grocer ocado has reported a loss of # ocado m for the six months to the end of december .
a four-year-old boy has died after being hit by a car at a restaurant in the us state of ohio .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he was `` shocked '' by his side 's failure to win the premier league .
walkers walk , one of the world 's most famous owen , is celebrating her 100th birthday .
a high court judge has launched a legal challenge against plans to build a landmark building on the river thames in oxford .
inverness caledonian thistle came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle in the first leg of the scottish league cup .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon said she was `` very disappointed '' about the future of scotland 's independence referendum .
this year 's glastonbury festival gets under way at strathallan castle on sunday .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a derelict hotel in the isle of man .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she will be `` proud '' to be the first woman to win a second assembly election .
the closure of a bridge in county durham is to be closed until the end of the year .
manchester city boss sergio aguero says his side have `` no chance '' to win the champions league .
britain 's runcorn runcorn has become the first british woman to win a gold medal at the world championships .
a new technology centre in aberdeen is being launched in aberdeen .
a police officer has been cleared of assault and perverting the course of justice .
edinburgh airport has apologised after a fault at edinburgh airport led to a technical fault .
us actor steve steve has died at the age of 83 , his family has confirmed .
chinese smartphone maker lenovo has unveiled a announcements version of its motorola smartphone .
a council has said it is `` very concerned '' by the government 's plans for a flood alleviation scheme in york .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister has said he is `` very concerned '' about the possibility of the uk leaving the european union .
pupils at a county durham school have been told to leave their posts as part of a shake-up of the education system .
richie ramsay is convinced he can win his first wimbledon title as he continues his recovery from a career-threatening injury .
labour has voted to leave the european union after voters voted to leave the eu .
the leader of the welsh greens has said she will not stand in the assembly election if the party wins the general election .
the us supreme court has ruled that the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has been accused of spying by the us federal security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
the number of people killed in the ebola outbreak in west africa has risen to its lowest level since the country 's ebola outbreak .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for the uk to return to the uk for the first time in the uk .
the head of the uk 's security forces has said it is `` very concerned '' by the growing threat of taliban attacks in afghanistan .
a man has died after being hit by a car in birmingham .
permian permian has been named as the winner of the derby derby at york 's sse arena .
the football association of england -lrb- faw -rrb- has announced it will introduce a new system for the next generation of players .
bournemouth have been fined # 20,000 by the football association for failing to control their players .
star wars : the force awakens has been named best picture of the year at the us film awards .
glasgow warriors have signed south african lock huw kebble on a two-year deal .
great britain 's simone biles won gold in the women 's 3m hurdles at the european championships in rio .
a australian australian surfer has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' after being bitten by a crocodile in australia .
a man who dumped a rubbish rubbish dump on a suffolk road has been given a suspended sentence .
if you want to know what has been described as the `` of '' of the uk ?
burton albion defender stephen bywater has signed a new two-year contract with the championship club .
two hospitals at a north tyneside hospital have been closed due to a shortage of beds .
one of the world 's largest collections of art has been stolen from the city of precious .
us president barack obama has told the bbc he is `` very confident '' that the european union may be at the heart of the european union .
firm , the world 's largest engineering company , has reported a pre-tax loss of # plc for 2015 .
the chief executive of a norfolk care provider has been criticised by the health and social care authority -lrb- norfolk -rrb- .
it was one of the most unusual moments of the year , the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme has learned .
two men have been released from prison in india after being arrested in connection with the theft of two british men .
sale sharks scrum-half nick easter has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
us secretary of state john kerry has called for an end to china 's territorial crisis in the south china sea .
hundreds of people have taken part in a march in cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the aberfan disaster .
`` i 'm a child , '' says first minister , bridget jones , who has died at the age of 74 .
police in dublin have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man in the republic of ireland .
a new study suggests that some of the world 's most provocative colour colour can be used to harass the octopus .
rising prices in northern ireland have risen for the first time this year , according to a report .
england women fought back to beat south africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international in johannesburg .
a professional boxing champion has said she was `` shocked '' by the support of a professional boxing player .
one of scotland 's largest funds foods has been given the green light by the scottish government .
what do you do if you need to be a member of the european union ?
bradford city moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with victory over bradford .
manchester united 's wayne rooney will make his first appearance in the united states next month .
serie a leaders juventus came from behind to beat bologna and secure a place in the coppa italia final .
aston villa manager tim sherwood says his side 's 4-0 defeat by aston villa was a `` huge achievement '' .
a court in lebanon has dismissed the trial of two prominent journalists accused of involvement in the murder of a journalist in the capital , beirut .
a major road in essex has been closed after a large hole was found on the roof of a lorry .
plans to cut maternity care at a north wales hospital have been approved by a health board .
the first female bishop in the church of england has been named as the new bishop of st mary 's day .
the number of dogs seized in devon and cornwall has fallen by almost a third in the past five years , the bbc has learned .
a man has been jailed for two years for causing the death of a car in crawley .
the uk 's first crew ship , the ship , has returned to the uk for the first time in more than 70 years .
more than 50 people have signed a petition calling for the introduction of a new generation of older people in greater manchester .
a court in california has ordered a ban on the phone use of a woman 's iphone , in a case that has gripped the us .
the first episode of the tv series tv series tv series tv has been launched .
eoin morgan became the first player to score a century as england beat australia by eight wickets in the first one-day international at trent bridge .
tranmere extended their lead at the top of the national league to five points after being held to a goalless draw at tranmere .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at nigeria 's presidential election .
a man from cardiff has become the first in the uk to have a home in cardiff .
a hospital has apologised after a patient was seriously injured in an accident at a hospital in northampton .
england manager gary cahill says he was proud of his side 's `` incredible '' display as they beat france in a friendly in paris .
production firm production has announced it is to close its production in europe .
a man has been charged with the attempted murder of a disabled woman in newcastle .
emma terry has been named as the new artistic director of shakespeare 's globe .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the pace in final practice at the singapore grand prix as lewis hamilton won the malaysian grand prix .
a man in the us state of rhode valley has been caught on camera at a shopping centre in california .
two men have been found guilty of murdering a man found dead at his home in cheshire .
forest green rovers came from behind to claim a 2-2 draw with nottingham forest in the national league .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in west london .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has called for a boycott of republican presidential candidate donald trump .
bbc radio 4 's countryfile programme is to be held at this year 's bbc proms .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in the republic of ireland .
women 's super league one champions arsenal ladies will face notts county ladies in the women 's super league final .
double olympic champion danielle brown says she will not compete at the rio olympics if she is to compete at the rio olympics .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the government 's plan to build a high-speed railway line between london and london .
former prime minister lord ashcroft has said he is `` extremely disappointed '' by the publication of a book about the death of his former prime minister .
a computer firm has launched a new tool that aims to cut the number of people in the uk .
the family of a man who has been missing for more than a year have said they are `` devastated '' by the theft .
david cameron has signed a deal with jamaica to help the jamaica prison deal in the uk .
world number one rory mcilroy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the dubai championship in dubai .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has launched an investigation into the botched renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
dundee united manager grant mccann says he has no plans to sign a new contract at dens park .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
a canadian military commander has been removed from a military base at a ceremony in canada .
one of northern ireland 's biggest companies , employee group , has announced it is shutting down its operations .
a second man has been arrested in connection with the murder of kevin mcguigan sr in west belfast .
tributes have been paid to elvis presley , who has died at the age of 83 .
more than half of scots do not pay a debt , according to a new study .
former world number one serena williams says she is `` not a life '' and `` deserve '' after being questioned over comments he made about serena williams .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of muslims in the middle east .
oscar-winning actress 1987 babenco has died at the age of 73 , the film has announced .
northern ireland 's mark elliott will take a mackenzie lead into the second round of the northern ireland grand prix .
the number of people killed in the south african region of south africa has risen to its lowest level since 2011 , according to the country 's national crime agency .
the number of people dying from lung cancer in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
in the past few days we have been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the country 's economy .
a public inquiry into the proposed # 1bn m4 relief road in wales has been rejected by ams .
more than half of schools in england are using tablet computers , according to a study from the university of cambridge .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in dorset .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a woman whose body was found in a flat .
steven gerrard 's departure from liverpool to liverpool in the premier league has been a turbulent one .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first satellite .
this year 's brit awards will be held in the united states this weekend .
great britain 's jung jung won olympic gold in the men 's fox-pitt at the rio olympics .
hundreds of people are still missing after a landslide collapsed on the officer district of central , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving .
championship side brighton & hove albion have signed defender richard richard from championship rivals wolves for an undisclosed fee .
police in spain have arrested a man in connection with an armed robbery at a jewellers in the capital , madrid .
thames water is the most expensive water tunnel in london , according to an oxford university professor .
the bbc news ni looks back at some of the biggest names in northern ireland .
the leader of yemen 's houthi rebels , abdrabbuh mansour hadi , has resigned .
francois fillon is not the only candidate in the french presidential race .
if you want to know about the future of newcastle 's newcastle falcons , bbc news looks at some of the highlights for the bbc news website .
north korean president kim jong-un has called on south korean leader kim jong-un to step down as part of a state visit to south korea .
a 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder following a shooting in wolverhampton .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has been suspended from the party over comments he made about adolf hitler .
the government has announced changes to the way child tax credits will be introduced in england and wales .
the scottish government 's first minister has told the scottish government that the deadline for a subsidy payment payment scheme has been delayed .
former england captain ian wright has been named as the new captain of the indian premier league .
the metropolitan police commissioner has called for more police officers to be shot in the armed forces .
louis van gaal 's departure from manchester united as manchester united manager ended with a heavy defeat at manchester united .
a teenager has been charged in connection with a suspected drug crash in county down .
funding grants for welsh students in wales should be scrapped , the welsh government 's chief executive has said .
one of northern ireland 's biggest business chains , david david , has been bought by the cerberus investment fund .
england goalkeeper karen bardsley has been named in the england squad for the women 's world cup .
a judge has given a lifelong restriction order to a londonderry man who has been jailed for almost three years in prison .
blackburn rovers have signed striker jordan rhodes from huddersfield town for an undisclosed fee .
chase chase , one of the world 's richest men , has died at the age of 72 .
the nhs in england is struggling to cope with a shortage of beds , according to a new report .
northern ireland 's first minister has said he is `` very disappointed '' by the decision to build a new road for the first time in northern ireland .
two men have been jailed for a string of sexual offences against two teenage girls .
a survivor of the paris terror attacks has told the bbc he was `` shocked '' by the lack of responses to the paris train .
great britain 's women 's curlers have won the european curling championships at the european curling championships .
the first minister has said she is `` very concerned '' about the impact of the thalidomide drug scandal in germany .
hundreds of migrants have been rescued from a boat off the libyan coast , the italian coastguard says .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter has signed a new three-year contract with the premiership club .
a man has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in north belfast .
uber has become the first country in singapore to register taxi services in singapore .
the premier league is one of the most powerful premier league games in the premier league .
the rugby football league -lrb- rfl -rrb- has been fined # 20,000 by the rugby football league after footage emerged of him being attacked by the rugby football league .
rangers owner mike ashley has won a high court battle against rangers .
a company has been ordered to pay # 1m after a worker was killed in a crash in gloucester .
premier league leaders manchester united and manchester united are one of the best teams in the premier league .
hundreds of homes were evacuated from homes in the north of england after heavy rain and heavy rain .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has said that the us is willing to respond to nato .
two men have been charged in connection with the libor fraud scandal .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has been charged with assaulting republican presidential candidate donald trump .
it 's been a busy year for former wimbledon champion ivan lendl .
a fire broke out at a school in leeds after a huge fire broke out .
wales wing george north has been ruled out of the tour de france with a knee injury .
it is hard to imagine one of the most successful space missions in the world .
aston villa have completed the signing of aston villa midfielder liam fox on a two-year deal .
the family of a british backpacker who went missing in thailand have appealed for help to trace her daughter .
belfast 's titanic hospital has been given a # 5m grant by the belfast health trust .
students at the university of edinburgh have been given the chance to sign a new degree .
two british soldiers who died in the battle of arras have been given the freedom of the town .
us box office takings have topped the us box office , taking $ mccarthy m -lrb- # 26.7 m -rrb- at the us box office .
great britain 's women missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the women 's hockey world league semi-finals in johannesburg .
a man has become the first person to swim the length of the atlantic ocean .
two men have been found dead in the mountains of dna , the french alps has confirmed .
a woman from the isle of man has been rescued from the sea off the coast of argyll .
the government 's chief executive has told the bbc that the government 's plans for a new pension scheme could be a `` national insurance '' .
charlton athletic boss guy luzon says he is `` desperate '' to avoid relegation from the championship .
a rare turtle found washed up on a beach in cumbria has been found safe and well .
one of the world 's biggest online companies , hbo , has been hit by a cyber attack , the company has confirmed .
some of the art snippets from the news in africa that we did n't know about the bbc news website .
former england international helen bailey has been given a prestigious award by the international cricket council -lrb- competed -rrb- awards .
a ceremony has been held in france to mark the 70th anniversary of the death of french president francois hollande .
a man has appeared in court charged with the kidnap and murder of a baby girl .
the link between the link between bank of england and the bank of england has been called off .
the owners of a river which collapsed in the river thames have said they are `` deeply disappointed '' by the environment agency .
australian cricket commentator phillip hughes has died at the age of 68 .
a bbc radio station in dorset is to be sold at auction , the bbc has learned .
actress renee jones is to return to cardiff for the first time since the birth of her mother .
thousands of students in the southern indian state of madhya pradesh have been charged with cheating in their school , state media say .
when president hassan rouhani was sworn in as part of a corruption scandal , the bbc 's nancy rouhani looks at how the country 's economy is under threat .
new rules on the use of mobile phones in the us have been approved by the us government .
whom whom is one of the world 's most famous artists .
a brazilian teenager who became the first person to win a football tournament in rio de janeiro has died at the age of 83 .
boris johnson has called on the uk government to do more to tackle the number of foreign workers living in the uk .
ukraine 's hopes of qualifying for euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by ukraine .
at least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bombing in baghdad , iraqi officials say .
scientists say they have found a new way to tackle the spread of breast cancer .
phil taylor secured his first premier league win of the season with a comfortable win over raymond van barneveld in london .
police officers in england and wales are to be required to help victims of domestic abuse , the bbc has learned .
us authorities say a suspected e. coli outbreak has infected the e. coli virus in the us state of louisiana .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence for paying more than # 500,000 from a cardiff man 's bank account .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of moscow to mark the 70th anniversary of the soviet war .
us defence secretary ash carter has announced the creation of the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in iraq .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has signed a $ people -lrb- â # aircraft -rrb- deal to buy nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari , officials say .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a car in aberdeen have appealed for help to trace him .
the family of a woman who has been missing for more than a year are appealing for help to trace her .
a nurse has been found guilty of murdering her mother with insulin poisoning .
the world 's largest technology giant , olly , is to launch a new service in the united states .
inflation in the uk fell by 0.1 % in may compared with the previous month , official figures show .
football 's world governing body fifa has confirmed that the 2022 world cup will be held at the end of december .
plans for a visitor attraction at warwick castle have been approved by councillors .
a man has been jailed for two years for selling more than # 1m worth of cannabis .
one of the uk 's rarest birds is thriving in norfolk , according to conservationists .
students at the university of queen 's university have been told they will not be able to review the structure of fossil fuels .
a statue of a life-size statue of a life-size statue of a statue of entertainer robin o'brien has been unveiled .
joni mitchell has said she is `` devastated '' after being diagnosed with a stroke in los angeles .
a convicted rapist who absconded from a prison has been convicted of rape .
two teenage girls have been sentenced to life in prison for stabbing a woman to death in broad daylight .
sheffield united midfielder rob baxter has left the club by mutual consent .
new head coach ian ritchie says the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- will not be allowed to play in the european champions cup .
former republican vice-presidential candidate sarah palin has announced her candidacy for the republican nomination for the us presidency .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has said it is `` very concerned '' about the safety of its nuclear safety unit .
the church of england has announced plans to increase the cost of church fees in england and wales .
a new development has been unveiled in seoul , south korea , for the first time since the 9/11 attacks .
a convicted fraudster has been found guilty of fraud after being found guilty of fraud and fraud .
first minister carwyn jones has accused the uk government of being `` envisage '' over the uk government 's brexit negotiations .
junior doctors in england are being asked to take part in a dispute with the government over reforms to the junior doctors ' strike .
league one side bury have signed midfielder leon barnett on a two-year deal following his release by afc wimbledon .
disney has announced that it will launch a inner version of its virtual reality films .
britain 's charlotte dujardin has been crowned world champion of the year for the first time .
energy provider ofgem has been fined # 4.1 m by the regulator of the uk 's energy regulator .
the duke of edinburgh is one of the world 's most popular tourist attractions .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called for a vote to leave the eu .
a two-year-old girl has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in dundee .
a fundraising campaign to raise money for hull 's olympic and paralympic games in hull has been launched .
a man has been arrested in los angeles after being arrested on suspicion of drug trafficking .
welsh liberal democrat leader kirsty williams has said she wants to make a u-turn on the future of the liberal democrats .
the body of a man who went missing from the site of a collapsed didcot power station has said she is `` devastated '' by the failure .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has announced it will freeze fares for london 's transport system .
england were knocked out of the confederations cup in the second qualifying round at the confederations cup in russia .
police are investigating the deaths of two people who were found dead at a house in liverpool .
one of spain 's most wanted men , ignacio ignacio , has been shot dead in the capital , madrid .
at least 17 people have been killed in a knife attack on a railway station in china 's restive xinjiang region , state media report .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has won the presidential election .
a memorial plaque has been unveiled at the funeral of former military commander general johnston johnston johnston johnston who died at the age of 87 .
an investigation into the death of a six-year-old boy who fell from a fishing boat in the isle of man is being investigated by the coastguard watchdog .
a company has been accused of safety breaches after a company was hit by a train in west sussex .
lewis hamilton beat mercedes team-mate nico rosberg to pole position at the spanish grand prix .
syria 's chemical weapons agency has said it is ready to set up a chemical weapons stockpile in syria .
one of the biggest women in the world , blinded inspirational , has died at the age of 89 .
homeless people are being urged to leave the streets of northampton as a homeless shelter comes into effect .
birmingham city moved to within a point of the women 's super league one play-off place with victory at home to birmingham city .
a new # bikes scheme to create a new # bikes scheme in bristol has been approved by councillors .
scientists say they have discovered a new way to tackle wild populations of wild animals .
plans to build a supermarket in the centre of leeds have been given the go-ahead by the city 's transport group .
pakistan 's world twenty20 match against pakistan has been suspended because of a frozen pitch .
if you want to know why the uk 's brexit vote is changed , it is hard to know that the uk 's brexit vote is in brussels .
the glastonbury festival has taken place at the glastonbury festival as part of the headline glastonbury festival .
west brom moved up to third in the league one table with a comfortable win over port vale at vale park .
london broncos director of rugby nigel wood says london 's london stadium will be a success in london .
a russian jet has been shot dead by a russian jet jet in the syrian capital , ankara , officials say .
chancellor george osborne has said the uk is `` very optimistic '' about the economic recovery of the uk economy .
eastenders actress mitchell mitchell is to return to eastenders after the death of eastenders actress mitchell mitchell .
world number one ronnie o'sullivan beat world number one ronnie o'sullivan in the first round of the world championship in sheffield .
a stretch of the highland in inverness has been closed due to a waterlogged landslip .
oldham athletic have confirmed the signing of midfielder sean montano on a two-year contract .
margaret thatcher became britain 's first democratically elected prime minister , margaret thatcher , who has died aged 84 .
more than a third of employees in the uk are being paid out of their pension pot , the bbc has learned .
welsh folk music has been announced as the first welsh music festival in wales .
a shop owner has apologised for tweeting a box containing `` honestly '' and `` honestly '' in a box window .
a former nurse in sweden has told the bbc that she has been `` overwhelmed '' by the lack of care in the country .
a sign sign sign about the sign of a cafe sign sign on the sign of a cafe sign .
all pictures are copyrighted .
a memorial service has been held in memory of a man who died in a rollercoaster crash at alton towers .
tom dumoulin extended his lead in the giro d'italia with a narrow victory in the giro d'italia .
british number two heather watson was knocked out of the bnp paribas open in the first round of the monterrey open .
the number of scottish borders towns has fallen by more than a third in the past year , according to new figures .
the remains of the remains of the remains of one of the disappeared victims have been found , the bbc has learned .
a former police officer has been cleared of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in the 1990s .
a us judge has ordered a us judge to apologise for the death of a us student who was sexually assaulted in the us state of arizona .
former england midfielder adam milner has announced his retirement from international football .
scunthorpe united have signed scunthorpe united midfielder tom watson on loan until the end of the season .
the makers of marvel 's new film adaptation have been released by the makers of the new film adaptation of the comic game .
us president donald trump has signed a law banning transgender people in the us state of virginia .
swansea city head coach paul clement says his side are desperate to avoid relegation from the premier league .
a rare species of plastic bags has been spotted at a nature reserve in north yorkshire .
leeds united owner massimo cellino has said he is `` disappointed '' by supporters of the club 's supporters after the club was relegated from the championship .
welsh language workers in wales are being urged to take part in a bid to boost the number of welsh teachers in wales .
it has been a stressful year for the aviation industry .
former england rugby league player sam burgess has joined nrl side sydney roosters on a two-year deal .
a man has died after being hit by a car in west london .
a ceremony has been held in the syrian city of erik , who was killed in syria .
when ben affleck was shot in the head with a car at his home in south wales , he was looking forward to the front of his father .
a conservative mp has called for english powers to be included in english laws in england and wales .
engineers in italy have developed a design version of the robotic design .
the republic of ireland 's chief executive has called on the irish government to change the impact of brexit in the republic of ireland .
the son of edward snowden , the former us intelligence contractor edward snowden , has been released from his home in moscow .
a riot at a prison in kent is being investigated by the prison watchdog .
dozens of syrian civilians have been killed in air strikes on rebel-held areas of the syrian city of aleppo , reports say .
parts of the uk have been battered by flooding in the past year , according to a new report .
linfield 's hopes of qualifying for the champions league group stage were dented as they were held to a 1-1 draw at home to linfield .
plans for a new lease harbour in bristol have been approved by the city council .
work has started on a new # 2.2 m library in denbighshire .
scientists have discovered what they say is the world 's oldest fossils .
if you 're going to raise taxes for the first time this year , the chancellor has announced that he will raise taxes for the first time .
the scottish government is to review the safety of high-rise flats in the wake of the grenfell tower fire .
us actress shirley temple , who has died at the age of 90 , was one of the most influential actresses in hollywood history .
south sudan 's president salva kiir has signed a peace deal with the country 's most popular song , south sudan 's president salva kiir .
the russian defence ministry has said it is `` deeply disappointed '' by russia 's decision to cancel a bikers event in eastern ukraine .
defending champion ronnie o'sullivan beat world number two judd trump to reach the quarter-finals of the scottish open .
mental health services for children with mental health problems are to be funded by the government .
the number of tonnes of greenhouse gas emissions in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
the king of morocco 's capital , luanda , has called for sweeping reforms in the capital , addis ababa , to protest against the government 's new constitution .
new york mets player surreal gennett has signed a new contract with the premier league side .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a man at a flat in dumfries and galloway .
championship side brentford have appointed mark warburton as their new manager .
the discovery of a medieval beach on a beach in gwynedd has been uncovered by archaeologists .
brazilian president dilma rousseff is to host the olympic games in rio .
two men have been taken to hospital after falling into rocks off the aberdeenshire coast .
thousands of gay people have held a rally in singapore 's capital , singapore , to protest against gay rights .
two men who stole more than # 1m worth of stolen artefacts from a durham museum have been jailed .
a number of children in ceredigion have been told to leave their homes in ceredigion .
the government has said it is `` very concerned '' about the safety of councils in england and wales .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has confirmed that the ebola outbreak of the ebola outbreak in west africa is a `` disaster '' .
australian rugby league player hunt for cocaine offences in australia has been charged with drugs offences .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the new constitution .
a former soldier who was shot dead by soldiers in londonderry has called for a ban on bloody sunday .
the body of a russian man who was found dead at his home in moscow has been found dead , police have said .
the number of five-year-olds in wales has fallen by 5 % in the past year , according to a new survey .
a car set a new world record for the fastest speed speed speed at the belgian grand prix .
liverpool city council has backed a motion calling for the sun to be banned from the sun after the hillsborough disaster .
at least 20 people have been killed in a blast at a gas factory in the northern indian state of andhra pradesh , officials say .
drivers are being warned to expect a series of road closures for the first time in more than two years .
dundee united have completed the signing of midfielder lewis lewis on a two-year deal , with the option of a further year .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving in the french alps .
rock band u2 have paid tribute to singer michael sheehan , who has died at the age of 90 .
china has accused china of using `` serious provocation '' over disputed islands in the south china sea .
the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has confirmed it is investigating the deadly ransomware attacks in california .
chinese mobile phone firm company has reported a sharp rise in profits for the first half of the year .
the house of lords has been accused of `` approach '' by the house of lords over the use of so-called legal highs in england and wales .
thailand 's former prime minister yingluck shinawatra has been found guilty of taking part in a corruption scandal .
adam rooney 's first game in charge of rangers ended in defeat as the scottish premiership 's top two sides ended in a draw .
ferry sailings between the isle of man and the isle of man have been cancelled because of a fault .
nottingham forest came from behind to beat nottingham forest and move up to third in the championship .
taylor swift has been named as taylor swift 's new album of the year .
two late tries from matt shepherd helped cornwall to a shepherd victory over cornwall at old trafford .
manchester city have been relegated from the premier league after being held to a draw at chelsea .
a museum celebrating the history of british isles has been unveiled in a museum in nottingham .
google has launched a software tool that lets people browse their own computers .
the wife of one of the world 's most famous competitors athletes has said she is `` shocked '' by the lack of success in the sport .
a labour mp has called for an end to free school meals for free school meals .
the number of people taking part in the south east of england has fallen to its lowest level in three years .
great britain 's holly cassells and kimberley cassells won gold medals at the european championships in france .
two police forces have been disciplined for failing to properly investigate the death of a woman who was found dead at her home .
aguirre aguirre , who has died at the age of 83 , has died aged 85 .
the football association of south africa has said the team can not afford to win the africa cup of nations in gabon .
the man accused of murdering north korean leader kim jong-un has pleaded not guilty to the murder of his wife , kim jong-un .
the parents of a terminally ill five-year-old in the uk have said they are `` overwhelmed '' by the treatment of a terminally ill baby .
a new bridge linking the river thames in london has been given the go-ahead by the city 's transport minister .
a security firm has called for a security security system to be conducted in the wake of the paris attacks .
pope francis , the former pope francis , has died at the age of 94 , his family has announced .
edinburgh zoo has confirmed that panda panda tian tian tian is to be born at edinburgh zoo .
manchester city and manchester city have been given the chance to host the champions league final in the wake of the manchester bombing .
msps have called for an independent inquiry into the use of food waste in the scottish parliament .
defending champion ronnie o'sullivan beat world number one judd trump to reach the semi-finals of the world championship .
a us drone strike has killed a us drone strike in the afghan province of jalalabad , officials say .
us footballer anthony martial has been found guilty of killing her daughter , who was convicted of killing her daughter .
england wicketkeeper sarah taylor has been named as the new captain of the england women 's cricket board .
thousands of people have been taking part in the royal british legion for the first time .
plans to reopen a grade ii listed swimming pool have been given the go-ahead by the council .
at least 19 people have died in a bus crash in the german city of duesseldorf , officials say .
british cyclist emma houvenaghel has criticised british cycling 's governing body for failing to properly investigate her treatment .
the trial of a man who has been convicted of murder in the scottish borders has been announced .
former german footballer lukas hitzlsperger has announced his retirement from international football .
a man has been arrested in connection with the rape and murder of a man in the northern indian state of uttar pradesh .
it 's been a turbulent year for the labour party .
a woman accused of stealing more than # 290,000 from a woman she met on a dating website has been cleared of fraud .
the house of lords has called for the uk to stay in the eu for the first time since brexit .
it 's been a turbulent year for northern ireland 's political leaders .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist in a car park in devon .
the search for the missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 has been delayed , the bbc has learned .
diego costa scored twice as chelsea came from behind to beat stoke city and move up to fourth in the premier league .
wasps moved to within a point of premiership leaders saracens with a bonus-point win over sale at the ricoh arena .
league two side southampton have signed leyton orient midfielder gape gape on loan until the end of the season .
a horse died after being hit by a horse in cheltenham , a trainer has said .
a plane had to be escorted off the runway at manchester airport after being hit by a plane .
a gloucestershire gp surgery has been rated `` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
it was supposed to be one of the most unusual nights in the football league .
the scottish government has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of the scottish parliament .
a council has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the closure of a farm in essex .
a large fire has broken out at a derelict building in the centre of glasgow .
tennis association chairman greg fleming says he is `` very disappointed '' that the number of players in the australian open will be `` given '' .
plans for a new railway station in lancashire have been approved by lancashire county council .
do you think you know what happened this year in the world of maths ?
zara group , the world 's biggest online retailer , has reported a sharp rise in sales for the first half of the year .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving on the m74 near northbound , county tyrone .
former england captain michael clarke says he was `` shocked '' by the lack of mental health issues in england and wales .
sunday night coach sunday oliseh has been named as the new coach of dutch side fc fc fc .
super league leaders salford red devils will face leeds rhinos in the super league last season .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has criticised kenya 's president , uhuru kenyatta , accusing him of being `` robert '' .
thousands of eurotunnel passengers will be allowed to travel to work in the uk , the government has announced .
millwall boss mark mccall says he has `` no regrets '' about his side 's 1-0 victory over millwall .
a football fan from liverpool has become the first man to reach the fa cup for the first time in his career .
hull city moved three points clear at the top of the championship with victory at st andrew 's .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest in the french capital , paris .
new south african captain michael van der merwe says the pro12 could be a `` new challenge '' for south african teams .
former entertainer sir jimmy savile has called for a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list .
a petition calling for a petition to save the life of a teenager with a rare genetic condition has been launched .
usain bolt became the first british woman to qualify for the final of the 400m hurdles at the world championships in london .
assistant manager mark mcghee hopes scotland 's euro 2016 qualifier against canada at hampden park is a `` must-win '' experience .
ulster have announced the appointment of former head coach ruan pienaar as their new head coach .
dumfries and galloway council has been rated `` inadequate '' by the council commission .
a mother accused of murdering his two-year-old son has told a court he was `` like a boy '' with a single punch , a court has heard .
crawley secured their first win of the season with a comfortable victory over crawley at crawley .
leaders of the european union have agreed to set up a summit to tackle the migrant crisis in africa .
championship play-off hopefuls livingston were held to a goalless draw by livingston in the scottish championship .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after she was hit by a car in aberdeen .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the isle of man .
chancellor george osborne has told the bbc he is `` very concerned '' about the uk 's exit from the european union .
derry city maintained their one-point lead at the top of the irish premier league as they were held to a draw by galway .
an investigation has been launched after a cyber attack in edinburgh was targeted by cyber attacks .
hull kr moved up to third in super league with a robins victory over hull kr at the kcom stadium .
spanish police have arrested a man suspected of being involved in the killing of a police van in spain 's capital , madrid .
the royal navy 's most famous naval shipyard , william , has died at the age of 89 .
the son of a prominent pakistani leader who was killed in the pakistani state of balochistan has told the bbc he believes the death of a prominent pakistani leader is a `` priority '' .
one of the largest ever jurassic ever has been produced by researchers in manchester .
a salt sea salt chain has been bought by a deal company in the uk .
double olympic gold medallist louis smith has announced his retirement from rowing at the age of 28 .
two women have been taken to hospital after getting into difficulty in the sea .
an inquest into the death of a man who died after a fire at a norfolk flour mill was accidental , an inquest has heard .
a gang of thieves who stole thousands of pounds worth of electricity has been jailed for two years .
bournemouth boss eddie howe says his side 's poor start to the premier league season was a `` disaster '' .
volkswagen has warned production of production in the production of production and production of production and production .
the head of the australian government has resigned from the government for failing to resign .
huddersfield giants have signed huddersfield giants forward josh whitehead on loan until the end of the season .
one of the world 's most valuable artists , portraits mao , has been sold at auction for $ soup -lrb- # 20th -rrb- .
a former australian health minister has been arrested on suspicion of spying after being found guilty of spying in the australian state of karnataka .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in east london .
match reports from the weekend 's scottish premiership and championship games .
a man accused of killing a man who was killed in a `` brutal '' attack has been jailed for six years .
the world 's tallest pyramid system has been discovered in the grounds of the capital , cairo , officials say .
league one side swindon town have signed striker billy pritchard from peterborough united for an undisclosed fee .
american sprinter justin gatlin beat american justin gatlin to win the 200m at the world championships in paris .
sunderland midfielder adnan januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
scientists say they have found a new way to address carbon emissions .
national league leaders forest green rovers came from a goal down to beat forest green rovers in the national league .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why the nobel prize for literature was awarded .
london mayor boris johnson has criticised london 's mayor of london for `` discriminating '' on the housing market .
the former governor of the mexican state of tamaulipas , mr yarrington , has been charged with drug trafficking , officials say .
a bird of prey has been found in the back of a seagull in the borders .
russian president vladimir putin and russian president vladimir putin have met german president vladimir putin in berlin .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes says he will not be distracted by speculation about his future as rangers manager .
cardiff city boss neil warnock says defender jazz richards will return to training in the january transfer window .
saracens director of rugby mark mccall says he is not worried about his future as he prepares to return to the premiership .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the eu , bbc news looks at some of the key issues in british politics .
the shortlist for this year 's bbc women 's footballer of the year award has been announced .
aberdeen have signed aberdeen midfielder sean quinn on loan until the end of the season .
ikea has announced that it is shutting down the size of its countries fabric , the swedish furniture firm has said .
more than a third of adults in the uk have been diagnosed with bowel cancer , a study suggests .
hibernian head coach neil lennon says the club have a `` big chance '' of winning their scottish cup final this season .
a pilot who died in a plane crash in the republic of ireland has been named by the ministry of defence .
plans for a new science centre in newcastle have been approved by the city council .
the number of homes in jersey has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to a new survey .
a man from stranraer has been conned out of the internet by a stranger who stole more than # 1m .
a house in northamptonshire has been badly damaged in a fire .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why some of the world 's most famous president are to be heavy .
australian prime minister tony abbott has said he is `` disappointed '' that australian prime minister tony abbott was involved in a series of controversy .
a shortage of sepsis is needed to protect the lives of people with sepsis , a leading nhs figure has warned .
all photographs are copyrighted .
a `` medieval '' medieval church has been given the go-ahead by the university of cambridge .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in a field .
us president donald trump has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by the us government 's decision to impose diplomatic restrictions on cuba .
lewis hamilton set the pace in second practice at the bahrain grand prix as lewis hamilton won the hungarian grand prix .
it 's been a busy year for scottish independence .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has defended plans to cut the number of army personnel in afghanistan .
two men have been taken to hospital after a crash involving two cars in north yorkshire .
holyrood 's finance committee has asked msps to publish a draft budget for the scottish parliament .
worcestershire have signed new zealand all-rounder colin munro for the 2016 t20 blast campaign .
scotland manager gordon strachan says midfielder scott brown is the best player in the world .
the president of the united states has said he will not seek a new security facility at guantanamo bay in cuba .
the us navy 's new aircraft carrier , jet , has arrived in the us for the first time in more than 70 years .
the parents of a children 's nursery in wiltshire have said they are `` devastated '' by the closure of a children 's nursery .
a dog owner whose dog was removed from a dog in belfast has been given the go-ahead by the high court .
a man has been charged with the rape and sexual assault of a man in south london .
the uk is lagging behind the uk 's broadband infrastructure , according to a report .
all images are copyrighted .
north korea has said it is ready to host the international olympic games in tokyo .
swiss bank ubs has been charged with fraud over alleged fraud in the french bank .
thousands of people have taken part in an international space station to mark the first anniversary of the international space station .
two australian marines have been killed in an accident in the sea off the coast of australia .
queen of the south claimed their first win of the scottish championship season with victory at brechin city .
a new traffic lights switch-on has been issued by police in plymouth .
an investigation has been launched into claims of financial irregularities at a scottish football league -lrb- spfl -rrb- .
widnes vikings have signed catalans dragons half-back samoan samoan on a two-year deal .
the number of people living in the uk is at the lowest level since records began , the bbc has learned .
online retailer asda has been forced to shut down after a security flaw at the site of a security breach .
a man has died after being found unconscious on a farm in conwy county , police have said .
sir bradley wiggins has been named as the winner of this year 's london theatre awards .
a group of pine martens have been born in wales for the first time in more than 40 years .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was found at a house in north london .
a health watchdog has issued a warning to the public to help monitor the use of eye contact with diaries .
a man has been found guilty of murdering a woman in a flat flat in essex .
a new # 5.5 m library centre in denbighshire has opened .
china has ordered the arrest of two chinese nationals accused of being involved in a corruption scandal in southern china .
oil giant revenues has reported a fall in annual profits after reporting a fall in annual profits .
one of the uk 's most popular pop , pop , has been named as the new director of the music industry .
welsh government plans to cut flood defences in flood defences in the past year , the welsh government has announced .
former lib dem lib dem mp nick yianni has called for the lib dems to be removed from the party .
british and irish lions coach robin mcbryde has been named as the new coach of the welsh rugby union .
a group of mps has called for a ban on unpaid internships for young people in the uk .
jab , the us coffee chain , has agreed to pay $ offering -lrb- # platform -rrb- in a $ offering -lrb- â # german -rrb- deal .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has called for an end to escalating diplomatic ties between qatar and saudi arabia .
the scottish government has announced new funding for gp practice in scotland .
wales ' mark williams is set to become the first welshman to qualify for the world championship .
police in the us state of oklahoma have arrested two people in connection with the construction of a controversial oil pipeline .
chelsea captain john terry will miss the remainder of the season with a knee injury , says manager antonio conte .
a few weeks ago , when necessity meticulously meticulously remembers the self-service caracas of jagged but .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has called for the uk to leave the european union in the wake of the brexit vote .
a man accused of causing the deaths of two former miners in rhondda cynon taff has told a court he was involved in a car crash .
the head of the head teachers ' union , lord lord , has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future of teachers in england .
the uk 's only flying lancaster bomber has flown back to the uk for a second time .
league two side plymouth argyle have signed former plymouth argyle midfielder chris gilmartin on a two-year contract .
the french national front -lrb- fn -rrb- has won the most seats in the european parliament .
hull kr head coach jamie peacock says he is `` disappointed '' that matty kelly has been ruled out for the rest of the season .
the us supreme court has ruled that a ban on gay marriage in the us supreme court is unconstitutional .
hartlepool united manager craig hignett says he is looking forward to a `` new chapter '' in his tenure as manager of the league two club .
russia 's foreign ministry says it has been criticised for saying a russian cat has gone missing in poland .
former australian olympic champion mick de tribute has died at the age of 83 .
chancellor george osborne has announced plans to cut tax rates to businesses and businesses in the wake of the brexit vote .
footballer adam johnson has been found not guilty of sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl , a court has heard .
the football association has been accused of racism and racism after the referee was racially abused by racist abuse .
the first minister has accused the uk government of being `` tin '' over the uk 's departure from the eu .
it 's been a year since prime minister david cameron announced that he will step down as leader of the prime minister .
the jersey football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- has said it will not accept a bid to host the 2018 world cup in 2021 .
us republican presidential candidate marco rubio has accused the us republican presidential candidate donald trump as `` a real problem '' .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car .
rangers have completed the signing of former west bromwich albion midfielder graham dorrans on a three-year deal .
one of colombia 's most notorious drug gangs , huts gang , is one of the most notorious drug gangs in the world .
west west west and west west west are set to release a new single record for kanye west .
the royal navy 's most powerful naval ship , it , is on the verge of becoming the first naval vessel to be conducted in the uk .
nigeria 's former nigeria coach stephen keshi has left the nigeria women 's super league side by mutual consent .
the longlist for this year 's scottish book book awards have been announced .
the un human rights chief has signed a petition to the united nations human rights body for the first time in the united states .
the rugby football union -lrb- takeover -rrb- has been sacked by the rugby football union by the rugby football union .
former england captain colin boruc has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
a man has been charged with manslaughter following the death of a man who was hit by a car .
the chief executive of the orange order has called for a judicial inquiry into the orange order in belfast .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- is to investigate cases of killings and killings in northern ireland .
pope francis has announced that he will step down as president of the democratic republic of congo .
lee mcculloch has been named as the new manager of rangers .
the funeral of a kent businessman who went missing in kent has been called off .
the home secretary has said there is `` no plans '' for the government 's pledge to increase net migration to the uk .
wigan warriors moved up to second in super league with a hard-fought victory over leeds rhinos at the dw stadium .
the bbc has announced plans for a new tv tv network in the west midlands .
a man who died after falling from a river in aberdeenshire has been named by police .
more than half of england 's poorest pupils in england are more likely to get free school meals , a study suggests .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at his home .
a gay couple have won a high court battle over the legality of same-sex marriage in northern ireland .
petra kvitova beat petra kvitova to reach the semi-finals of the wuhan open in singapore .
the grammy awards has been announced as one of the uk 's most prestigious musicians .
league one side bury have signed former doncaster rovers defender reece brown on a one-year deal .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
as hurricane matthew swept into the river haiti in haiti , the bbc 's matthew haiti looks at the devastation of hurricane matthew .
manchester city have completed the signing of midfielder zuniga zuniga from napoli for an undisclosed fee .
taiwan 's government has imposed a ban on chinese government data from taiwan to china , officials say .
hughie fury has become the first british fighter to win a heavyweight title in new zealand .
williams ' record try-scorer shane williams has signed a new contract with ospreys .
boeing , the world 's biggest aircraft manufacturer , has successfully grounded boeing 787 dreamliner flights to the boeing 787 dreamliner .
britain 's alberto contador won stage two of the criterium du dauphine to win the tour de france .
jockey ryan mcbride has been forced to retire after a horse crash at the cheltenham festival .
a song has been released in south africa for the first time since zayn malik 's death .
high street retailer administrator has announced it is to close its operations at the end of this year , with the loss of 70 jobs .
spain 's prime minister has asked the spanish authorities to investigate allegations of fraud in the country 's corruption scandal .
leeds united moved up to third in the championship with victory over leeds at elland road .
ai weiwei , the founder of ai giant ai weiwei , has launched a $ 1m -lrb- â # venture -rrb- research project .
the number of inmates at a wiltshire prison has more than doubled in the past three years , according to a new report .
thousands of people have taken part in a triathlon event to raise money for an 11-year-old boy who took part in a world cup event .
french writer and writer pierre 52 has died at the age of 84 .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat-trick as real madrid came from behind to beat 10-man real madrid in a thrilling world cup final .
more than a quarter of schools in the uk have been told to take part in a lack of support for young people in the sport .
the safety of a car that crashed in the us state of tesla was `` not acceptable '' , a safety expert has said .
world number one mark selby beat world number one mark selby to reach the second round of the world championship .
birds of prey have been shot dead by birds of prey in bedfordshire , the rspb has said .
three men have been charged in connection with a series of sex offences in lincolnshire .
us vice-president joe biden has said he is `` very optimistic '' about his country 's visit to the us .
if you want to know what you want to know about the death of a man in the uk ?
the outbreak of the ebola outbreak in sierra leone has killed at least 12 people and injured many more , medical officials say .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , the bbc 's director general has been talking to the uk 's tax gangs .
a county antrim man who admitted attempting to smuggle a container ship off the coast of belfast has been given a suspended jail sentence .
a man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend has been found guilty of her murder .
two men have been charged in connection with the death of his mother in a car crash on the isle of lewis .
british singer sir mick jagger has died at the age of 84 , his publicist has confirmed .
bournemouth midfielder tommy elphick has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
guiseley 's winless start to the national league season continued with a draw at gateshead .
the us federal communications commission -lrb- fcc -rrb- has been accused of `` suggested '' by the us federal communications commission -lrb- fcc -rrb- .
one of the world 's most famous titan , the botanic garden , has said it is `` very pleased '' that a new garden could be built in scotland .
business secretary greg clark has criticised the government 's decision to approve a new nuclear power plant at hinkley point in somerset .
the campaign for the uk 's first national bird bird has been launched by the national bird of wales .
two goals from josh marriott helped peterborough to a comfortable win over peterborough at the memorial stadium .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of kenyan students .
a spanish man has been arrested in spain for allegedly defrauding foreign workers into the country .
gary haveron says his glentoran side will not be able to beat cliftonville in saturday 's irish premiership game at seaview .
it 's been a remarkable year for rory mcilroy .
lance armstrong , who has died aged 84 , was one of the most prominent men in the world .
wildfires have killed at least 11 people in california 's southern california , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- is being sued by hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- over tax avoidance .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a parade parade in county fermanagh .
torquay united moved up to third in the national league with a hard-fought win at mid-table boreham wood .
work to repair a flood-hit bridge damaged by flooding has been completed .
a seal pup has been rescued from a beach in north ayrshire .
a hospital in cardiff has been closed to the public for the first time since the outbreak of the disease .
when nokia 's chief executive answer swedish was appointed chief executive of the firm 's chief executive , swedish swedish , at the age of 90 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in wiltshire .
it 's one of the biggest stories of the year .
argentina 's national team have qualified for the 2018 world cup in russia after qualifying for the 2018 world cup .
birmingham city have signed birmingham city midfielder paul caddis on loan until the end of the season .
the fbi has confirmed it is investigating the san bernardino murder case against san bernardino gunman syed rizwan farook .
a high court judge has dismissed the government 's decision to ban air zones in england and wales .
the isle of wight tourism service has announced plans to expand the isle of wight and the isle of wight .
nasa 's curiosity rover has captured a robot on the surface of mars .
ryder cup captain paul lawrie says the ryder cup victory over europe is a `` great achievement '' .
a man has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of drinking a bar at a bar in birmingham .
a rare wildlife reserve in cumbria has been damaged by flooding , the rspb has said .
coventry 's biggest visitor attraction will not be cancelled because of funding cuts , organisers have said .
thames water has been blamed as the `` best blocking '' of the year so far .
nottinghamshire all-rounder jim wells has signed a new two-year contract with the national league club .
the follow , the follow follow , the follow more , the follow more , the follow more , the follow and follow .
world number two judd trump has been knocked out of the australian open in the first round of the australian open .
welsh secretary alun cairns has called for the uk to remain in the single market if the uk leaves the eu .
in the wake of the fatal shooting of black police officers in the us state of oklahoma , the bbc 's milton nkosi reports from the us .
japanese carmaker toyota has reported a rise in sales for the first three months of the year .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the dow jones closed lower on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average higher .
plans for a new incinerator in surrey have been backed by the local government .
the police unit of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the army 's involvement in bloody sunday .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the threat of war crimes .
all pictures are copyrighted .
singapore has become the first country in indonesia to sign a ban on the sale of smog .
a man has been jailed for two years for sexually abusing two young girls in london .
one of london 's most famous landmarks has been found in a river in london .
newsround has been asking young people to be vigilant about their behaviour .
the international football committee -lrb- ipc -rrb- says it is `` appalled '' by israel 's decision to pull out of the rio paralympics .
mps have approved plans for a new parliamentary inquiry into the house of commons .
liverpool 's mamadou sakho has been banned for two years after failing a drugs test .
more than half of children in the uk are more likely to be active , according to a new study .
people in the uk are more likely to have an online online , according to a new survey .
steve backshall says he has `` no idea '' about the number of bullying claims made by steve backshall .
manchester united midfielder bastian schweinsteiger has been banned for two matches after being found guilty of racially abusing manchester united midfielder bastian schweinsteiger .
plans to build a environment park in a forest in nottingham have been given the go-ahead .
police investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing in ipswich have said they are `` devastated '' by the disappearance .
a group of women 's rights activists has been criticised for letting adverts for women with special educational needs .
rail passengers are being urged to get extra fares to train tickets for the first time in more than two years .
a man has been arrested in china in connection with the killing of a woman in china , officials say .
a court in singapore has sentenced a man to 10 years in jail for inciting maximum -lrb- vandalism -rrb- .
league two side mansfield town have signed mansfield town striker oliver oliver on loan until the end of the season .
the number of properties in scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past year , according to a report .
the ministry of defence has announced it will close its barracks in brecon , south wales , as part of a nationwide closure .
highland council has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the safety of toilets at a highland toilets .
lib dem leader nick clegg has said he will not stand in the general election if the conservatives win the general election .
hibernian head coach neil lennon says his side will not be able to avoid relegation from the scottish premiership .
labour leadership contender jeremy corbyn has said he will not vote for the leadership of the labour leadership contest .
at a bus stop in the dutch city of acid , a group of scientists from the netherlands have developed a cheap device that can change the way of the world 's most dangerous bus .
there has been a dramatic increase in the number of welsh universities in wales .
hibernian were held to a goalless draw by raith rovers in the scottish championship .
a passenger plane has crashed at seattle airport in the us city of atlanta , killing at least two people .
bbc sport will broadcast live coverage of the rio paralympics and paralympics coverage of the rio paralympics .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how the former british prime minister , eddie daniels , was born at the age of 90 .
alex salmond was one of scotland 's most prominent politicians .
league one side cambridge united have been drawn in the first round of the fa cup .
great britain 's men missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the women 's euro 2017 with a comfortable win over germany .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of killing 11 people in the boston marathon bombings has been released on bail .
russia says it has carried out air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria , the defence ministry says .
kent county council has been accused of failing to buy a new council .
norwich city forward alex tettey says his side 's 1-0 win over norwich city was a `` great goal '' .
police in the us state of georgia are investigating the death of a woman who was shot in the head with a car .
a dog has been reunited with a new home for the family of a dog who went missing in the isle of man .
a new scheme to tackle the spread of street food in scotland has been launched by the scottish government .
star wars actor john boyega has been named as the new star of the west end , it has been announced .
the mexican authorities have announced plans to sell the world 's biggest generator , the tribe , in the us state of nevada .
the ulster unionist leader , mike nesbitt , is to step down as leader of the ulster unionist party -lrb- uup -rrb- .
nick nick , who has died at the age of 17 , was one of britain 's most famous and controversial authors .
plans to build a new stadium in bristol have been approved by the club 's owner steve lansdown .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he will stand down as leader of the party after the party voted to leave the party .
great britain women 's hopes of qualifying for the eurobasket finals suffered a setback as they were beaten 2-1 by croatia .
england 's t20 champions trophy defeat by new zealand in cardiff on saturday has been called off for the first time .
world number one milos raonic beat world number one milos raonic to win his first australian open title .
labour leadership hopeful jeremy corbyn has been re-elected as the new leader of the labour party .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was killed in a car crash in south yorkshire .
a council has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the future of wolverhampton city council .
derry midfielder joey barton has said he is `` gutted '' by the decision to withdraw from the football league for the first time in 17 years .
a court has been ordered to overturn a conviction for the conviction of a convicted murderer who was jailed for killing a woman .
pet kittens are being sold at newport gwent dragons after they went on sale .
it 's been a busy year for british wheelchair basketball .
a woman who was seriously injured in a plane crash in wiltshire was the victim of a near-miss , a report has found .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by armed robbers in county antrim .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest against the closure of a road on the a303 near stonehenge .
sdlp leader colum eastwood is to stand down as leader of the sdlp alasdair mcdonnell .
msps have called on the scottish government to do more to tackle the gender pay gap between women and women .
st helens moved up to second in super league with a hard-fought victory over st helens .
tens of thousands of people in india 's capital , delhi , have been banned from entering the country .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
plaid cymru has said it will take a deal with plaid cymru after the first round of the assembly election .
two wild animals have been banned from using animal parks in a ceredigion village .
gareth bale has been named in the wales squad for the euro 2016 qualifiers against wales and france .
the bbc 's victoria derbyshire programme is one of the world 's most dangerous food producers .
the findings of a review into the conduct of welsh labour mp ann clwyd have been dropped , the bbc has learned .
there has been a sharp rise in the number of deaths in wales , according to a new report .
sir elton john has announced he is to return to the uk later this year .
world number two chris egypt beat egypt 's egypt egypt in the first round of the women 's world squash championship in kuala lumpur .
the pilot of a plane that crashed into the runway at gatwick airport has been cleared of safety breaches .
nottingham forest boss philippe montanier says it is `` very important '' that nottingham forest will return to the europa league this season .
japan miura has signed a new two-year contract with japan , keeping him at the club until the end of the season .
south african army leader thomas thabane has said he will not return to the country because of a coup in the capital , juba .
logistics firm menzies logistics has reported a sharp fall in pre-tax profits to # operational for the three months to december .
universities in the uk are being urged to stay in the european union as part of brexit talks with the eu .
sale sharks director of rugby steve diamond says the club are interested in signing a new contract at the end of the season .
an inquest into the death of a man who died in a house fire in conwy county has heard that a tumble dryer was found in a tumble dryer .
a chinese teenager has been arrested in dubai after being arrested on suspicion of trying to smuggle a boy from dubai to dubai .
england 's charley hull carded a six-under-par 64 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the shenzhen open in china .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a security alert in dumfries and galloway .
england 's tyrrell hatton missed out on a place in the final round of the masters at wentworth .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp said he was `` embarrassed '' by his side 's 2-1 defeat by liverpool at anfield .
fertility campaigners have called for the introduction of ivf treatment for ivf treatment in scotland .
people in the us state of california are taking part in a campaign to encourage people to live in the presidential election .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges in greece .
the us government has approved a law that would allow the sale of marijuana to be sold in the us .
teaching assistants in north east wales are to be balloted as part of a long-running dispute over pay .
the scottish government has launched a legal challenge to the scottish government 's plans for a new scottish government consultation .
the world 's largest cruise ship , the world 's largest cruise ship , has arrived in california for the first time .
the line-up for this year 's glastonbury festival has been revealed by the bbc 's proms mozart .
facebook has launched a campaign against facebook to investigate facebook 's facebook page .
stephen natalie , the mother of stephen sutton , who died at the age of 89 , was one of the youngest friends of his family .
japanese shares traded lower on wednesday , recovering from the previous session 's losses , as the country 's benchmark nikkei 225 index fell .
the bank of england 's financial watchdog has recommended that banks should be banned from the bank of england 's banking system .
a teenager has been arrested in connection with a laser crash in edinburgh .
formula 1 world champion nico rosberg will compete in formula 1 at the 2016 formula 1 season .
it 's been a year since the death of stephen gray , who has died at the age of 77 .
the australian government has approved a package of measures aimed at reducing the country 's driest drought .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of london to protest against the so-called islamic state group .
police have appealed for information after two men were taken to hospital following a disturbance at a nightclub in glasgow .
the head of el salvador 's main political party , el barcenas , has accused the spanish government of using illegal payments to the country .
a former us army officer has been shot dead in afghanistan , us officials say .
radja nainggolan scored a hat-trick as roma came from behind to beat roma in serie a.
ukip has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about ukip 's decision to expel ukip candidate nigel farage in the general election .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has launched a trial of london mayor sadiq khan as part of a trial of transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- .
thousands of people have taken part in a rally in the us city of tehran to mark the 70th anniversary of the death of president donald trump .
translink has suspended a suspension of a railway line in county tyrone which was suspended after being suspended by translink .
thailand 's king bhumibol adulyadej , the king of thailand 's king bhumibol adulyadej , has died at the age of 97 .
in the past few days you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
unemployment in italy rose to a new low in december , official figures have shown .
police searching for a missing woman who went missing after a night out in devon have said they are `` devastated '' .
do you know you know what happened this year in the world of sport ?
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in west belfast .
the government is set to delay the roll-out of a new system for smart meters in the uk , the government has announced .
thousands of people have taken part in a series of world war one and world wars for the first time in decades .
northern ireland women 's hopes of reaching the women 's euro 2017 finals suffered a blow as they were beaten 2-1 by spain in belfast .
a new oil and gas facility in aberdeen is to be built at a new facility in aberdeen .
concerns have been raised about the death of a patient at a nursing home in carmarthenshire .
the northern ireland assembly has voted to legalise same-sex marriage in northern ireland .
a man has been charged with the attempted murder of a pregnant girl in south london .
it 's been a year since world football 's governing body , the world 's largest economy .
the authorities in china say they have arrested two people in connection with a series of drug trafficking offences .
oscar pistorius has been jailed for life for murdering his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
a mental health nurse has been sacked after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
meat , meat and meat are among the world 's most dangerous meat groups , but they are not processed meat , according to a new report .
hundreds of people have taken part in a ceremony to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of british aviator amy johnson .
children in the uk are being priced out of school uniforms , according to a study by the supermarket .
a 13-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of endangering a plane at san francisco airport , officials say .
one of the world 's most famous railway locomotives has been sold at auction for # flying .
the inventor of the atlantic ocean , jeff bezos , has told the bbc that he is lucky to be alive .
us actor steve dillon , best known for his role as the `` godfather of the godfather '' , has died aged 85 .
it 's been a year since prime minister david cameron announced that he will step down as leader of the european union .
a paedophile who sexually abused two young girls has been jailed for five years .
scientists have developed a new way to tackle the spread of parkinson 's disease .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
the chief executive of national league south side forest green rovers has resigned .
the head of canada 's largest animal charity , francis tomas , has said it will stop selling animal species in captivity .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in a crash .
the number of people using mobile phones in the uk has fallen in the past three years , according to a study .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the birth of fidel castro .
truro booked their place in the last eight of the one-day cup with a break victory over cornwall .
barcelona midfielder dani alves will leave la liga rivals barcelona at the end of the season .
an oil and gas explorer has been discovered in the north sea in the north sea .
john mcginn has urged hibernian 's players to improve their chances of reaching the top of the scottish championship .
the liberal democrats have announced they will run seats in dorset and dorset .
if you want to think about the future of the uk 's exit from the european union ?
nottingham forest owner stan collymore has said he is `` disappointed '' by the decision to pull out of a takeover of nottingham forest .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has released a new image of so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in mosul , which was destroyed by so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
goals from omar bogle and omar bogle gave grimsby a narrow victory over 10-man grimsby .
surrey 's mark burns hit a draw century to help his side take control against surrey at the oval .
a us air strike on north korea has been sent to the us for the first time , us officials have confirmed .
manchester city defender vincent kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the queen 's 90th birthday has been given the green light by the borough council .
northern ireland manager michael o'neill described his side 's 2-1 loss to northern ireland as `` embarrassing '' .
malaysia 's prime minister najib razak has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the country 's corruption scandal .
one of the most famous artists in the world , oil mozart , has been named as the new artistic artist of the year .
police investigating the murder of schoolgirl moira anderson in north lanarkshire have arrested a man in north lanarkshire .
welsh cyclist owain doull has become the first welsh cyclist to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
astronomers have created a new solar system for the surface of jupiter .
at least 20 people have been killed in a stampede at a hindu festival in the indian capital , delhi , officials say .
the un 's special envoy staffan de mistura , staffan de mistura , has announced a peace deal with un envoy staffan de mistura .
barnsley have paid tribute to former barnsley goalkeeper frank norman , who has died at the age of 72 .
the number of scottish towns in scotland has fallen for the first time in five years , according to new research .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a man was stabbed at a hotel in west belfast .
former lib dem leader nick clegg has urged the lib dems to `` guarantee '' the government 's future in the house of lords .
the leader of fianna fáil , micheál martin , is to step down as leader of fianna fáil in the republic of ireland .
the number of species of wild species in england has fallen to its lowest level since records began , a study suggests .
north korea says it has successfully tested a ballistic missile from the sea .
a man who was jailed for trying to travel to syria to fight with so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been jailed for three years .
mps have backed calls for a debate on whether donald trump should be banned from the uk .
a suspected crocodile crocodile has been found in a crocodile in australia , police have said .
the number of suicides in prisons in england and wales is at its highest level since records began , a report has found .
the number of nhs outpatients in scotland has risen by more than a third in the past year , figures show .
scotland women 's coach gemma fay says she is ready to qualify for the euro 2016 finals .
south africa 's government has banned the use of online internet services in the wake of recent cyber-attacks in the country .
a maths teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of misconduct .
the police have said they are `` appalled '' by the decision not to prosecute two men accused of murdering two northern ireland men .
a team of scientists from around the world have arrived in the indian ocean for the first time .
a new exhibition has been held in edinburgh to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a 17th century painter .
`` i 'm a bit of a runs , '' says black ` yoga ' murphy .
former prime minister lord heseltine has told the bbc that the uk is in the `` world of the world '' .
wales coach warren gatland says his side can win the world cup pool b match against australia at twickenham on saturday .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have visited kensington palace to mark the first anniversary of the death of princess diana .
scunthorpe extended their unbeaten league run to five games as they were held to a draw at scunthorpe .
the european union has said it is `` deeply disappointed '' by the eu 's list of eu citizens who have been banned from the eu .
leicester cathedral 's king richard iii is to appear in a leicester cathedral for the first time in its history .
swansea city boss paul clement says striker fernando llorente is the best player in the world , says manager paul clement .
warwickshire have signed warwickshire all-rounder mellor poysden for the 2017 season .
the family of a 15-year-old girl who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to her `` beautiful , loving girl '' .
the number of inmates in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , official figures show .
sweden 's foreign minister , mr swede , has been freed after being kidnapped by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the capital , stockholm .
the welsh government is to cut its budget for the first time since the general election , the first minister has said .
scientists at cardiff university have launched a new project to tackle brain injuries in the brain .
a teenager has been shot dead by police in ferguson , missouri , in ferguson , missouri .
tensions between georgia and georgia have been removed from the border between georgia and georgia , officials say .
british number two heather watson reached the second round of the monterrey open with a straight-set win over american karen stosur .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car .
actress winstone winstone has been announced as the new star of bbc one 's eastenders .
a brazilian airliner has been killed in a plane crash in colombia , officials say .
the value of scotch whisky exports in the uk fell by more than a third in the first quarter of the year , according to industry figures .
a county tyrone man has been forced to retire from international rugby after being forced to retire from international rugby at the end of the rugby world cup .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets were mixed on wednesday as oil prices tumbled .
a south african woman has appeared in court in south africa accused of kidnapping and sexually abusing young girls .
australian police have clashed with asylum seekers at a detention centre in papua new guinea .
tom grant , tom grant and tom grant are among the stars nominated for this year 's british spy film film .
cardiff city missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a goalless draw by burton .
a man has died after getting into difficulties at a house in edinburgh .
a man has been shot dead in liverpool , police have said .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a five-month-old boy in swansea .
a dog has been found dumped in a garden in lancashire .
it was one of the most colourful supplied in the history of south west scotland .
england captain alastair cook says his side 's batting display against bangladesh in the third test against bangladesh was a `` huge moment '' .
a labour councillor has been cleared of wrongdoing after being found guilty of fraud .
a man has been jailed for possessing weapons and ammunition during a raid at a house in hereford .
the number of syrian refugees arriving in syria has reached a record high , according to the scottish government .
chancellor george osborne has signed a deal with german chancellor angela merkel to discuss the future of the european union .
britain 's tom dumoulin won the second stage of the giro d'italia with victory in the giro d'italia .
it 's been a busy year for many of the world 's most famous characters .
a fire at a derelict building in newport is being investigated by police .
a asteroid asteroid asteroid has asteroid the asteroid of a volcano in the republic of ireland .
virgin media has said it is investigating a new type of premises in the uk .
britain 's hannah miley won gold in the men 's 200m freestyle at the european championships in hungary .
a new exercise exercise has been developed in the us state of london .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's benchmark share index closed lower , with the ftse 100 index closing 28 points higher at % .
a man has been jailed for life for assaulting his ex-girlfriend at her home in south london .
a teenage boy who sexually abused a teenage boy has been jailed for 10 years .
two men have been arrested in connection with an armed robbery at a mcdonald 's restaurant in liverpool .
a german man has been charged in connection with the attempted murder of a man in the german city of duesseldorf .
wales manager chris coleman says he is `` devastated '' by the death of manager chris coleman .
the decision by the chinese government to delay a new nuclear power station at hinkley point has been delayed .
a baby girl has been rescued from a zoo in australia for the first time in more than 30 years .
star wars actor lupita nyong has signed a two-year deal with the national league side .
thousands of teenagers have been taking part in the royal teenagers national park .
the irish government has confirmed it is investigating the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
the operator of the queensferry crossing has said he is `` confident '' the new queensferry crossing may have to be delayed .
more than half of children in the uk are more likely to have a mobile phones , according to a new survey .
estonia is one of the world 's most secretive baltic , the soviet union .
cecil cecil , the lion who killed british lion cecil cecil in zimbabwe , has been described as a `` petty '' .
kenya 's opposition leader raila odinga has been cleared of electoral fraud , the country 's supreme court has ruled .
a campaign has been launched in the house of commons for the first time since the death penalty last year .
britain 's laura muir has become the first british woman to win a world record for the fastest time in her career .
o2 , the uk 's biggest mobile phone operator , has announced it is to sell its mobile mobile mobile mobile phone networks .
bradley collins is to return to the london stage because of a severe heart attack .
accountancy firm pricewaterhousecoopers -lrb- pwc -rrb- has been fined # regulator m by the uk 's financial watchdog .
the bank of england 's central bank , the bank of england , has warned that manipulating currency banks could be at risk if the uk leaves the european union .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes is confident his side can reach the europa league second qualifying round tie against apollon limassol .
chester maintained their unbeaten start to the national league season with a comfortable win at chester .
the welsh government has said it is `` disappointed '' by the welsh government 's decision to introduce a new youth bus scheme in wales .
the white house has been sworn in as president of the white house , the white house has announced .
eastleigh have signed midfielder ben cole on loan from barnet until the end of the season .
un secretary general ban ki-moon has accused un peacekeepers of sexually abusing children in the country .
manchester united have signed manchester united midfielder wayne rooney on loan until the end of the season .
teaching assistants in northern ireland are set to be balloted on strike action in a dispute over pay .
a woman who was jailed for sexually assaulting her daughter has been released from prison .
two men have been arrested in birmingham on suspicion of illegal immigration offences .
italy 's former prime minister raffaele sollecito has been found guilty of raping a student in italy last year .
a us soldier who was killed by taliban militants in afghanistan has been named as sergeant outpost father-of-three .
the department of development -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced plans for a new link between the island of guernsey and guernsey .
the number of nursing homes in england has risen by more than a third in the last three years , according to new figures .
co-operative energy has been fined # energy m by the energy regulator ofgem for failing to properly compensate customers .
the structure of one of the uk 's most famous sea structures has been found in the river thames .
the number of suicides in the uk is at its highest level for more than a decade , according to a new report .
an inquest into the death of a teenager who was found dead at a school in bradford is being investigated by a coroner .
a new cloth has been set up in the italian city of francis to mark the 400th anniversary of the ancient italian city of pope .
the leader of cornwall county council has said it is `` very confident '' he will not stand in council elections .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked in county antrim .
polish prime minister ties andreyev has apologised for comments he made about poland during world war two .
it 's one of the biggest albums in the world of pop music .
new zealand 's new zealand rugby union -lrb- original -rrb- has signed a new deal with the international monetary fund -lrb- original -rrb- .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found at a house in sheffield .
premier league footballers have been arrested in mauritius on suspicion of drug trafficking .
the uk government has announced plans to reduce the number of migrant workers from the uk to stay in the uk .
a huge fire has broken out at a beach in southern italy , killing at least 11 people and injuring dozens more .
the archbishop of canterbury has said he will not attend the first church of the easter rising .
partick thistle midfielder steven lawless has signed a new two-year contract with partick thistle .
team sky 's luke rowe won his first tour de france title with victory in the tour de france .
one of the uk 's most popular tv shows , stan kroenke , is being investigated by the football association .
league two leaders doncaster rovers came from behind to beat league two strugglers doncaster in league two .
rory best has been named as the new ireland captain for the world cup .
a man has been arrested in london on suspicion of terrorism offences .
league one side gillingham have signed gillingham boss paul scally for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
more needs to be done to tackle the problem of bullying , the children 's commissioner for wales has said .
league two side cambridge united have signed midfielder luke keane on a two-year deal following his release by luton town .
scunthorpe united head coach robin swann says the club 's poor start to the season has been `` embarrassing '' .
a campaign has been launched to improve the number of mountain rescues in wales .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the recent threat of violence in kenya .
a record number of millions of pounds have been released to mark the 30th anniversary of the singer 's death .
david cameron has said he is `` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to leave the eu , saying it would be `` impossible '' to leave the eu .
hearts have signed former hearts midfielder hearts grzelak on a two-year deal .
british astronaut tim peake has returned to earth in the international space station .
great britain 's men missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the women 's world cup in japan .
a united arab emirates has been arrested in abu dhabi , the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- says .
how much do you know about the future of the house of commons ?
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a fire at a railway station in north london .
scientists say they have found a significant increase in the decline of carbon dioxide .
one of the world 's biggest mondelez firms , parent , plans to cut the risk of chewing milk in the uk .
more than a third of customers in the uk are unable to get their bills on their bills , citizens advice has said .
two people have been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a car in flintshire .
the fashion designer emma hadid , who was the subject of a new fashion model , has said she is `` disappointed '' by the fashion director .
liverpool have appointed former england boss brian o'driscoll as their new head coach .
ryan moore scored twice as ayr united came from behind to beat ayr united in scottish league one .
this year 's golden globe awards have been announced at the golden globe awards in los angeles .
employment fees in england and wales have reached a record high , the supreme court has ruled .
a 15-year-old boy has been arrested in coleraine , county londonderry , police have said .
fearon joel fearon became the first british man to win an olympic medal at the winter olympics .
a former aide to the labour mp who claimed she was subjected to a sex attack in the house of commons has been dismissed by her employer .
a new malt whisky distiller is to be built at a new distillery in dumfries and galloway .
republican presidential candidate marco rubio has been nominated for the republican presidential nomination for the republican presidential nomination .
singer 31-year-old musician has died at the age of 85 , her family has said .
the town of glass , a small town in the republic of ireland , is a small town in the republic of ireland .
an independent review into the use of mesh implants in scotland has been published by msps .
a woman who had a heart transplant after being diagnosed with a heart defect has died in hospital .
wales women came from behind to beat austria and reach the women 's euro 2017 qualifying group .
the international space station is at the centre of the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
at least two people have been killed in a drone strike in the pakistani capital , islamabad , officials say .
teachers in england are being warned to expect a `` pay rise '' in their pay , as part of a new wave of reforms .
manager mark mcghee says scotland can not afford to qualify for next summer 's 2018 world cup qualifying campaign .
england manager roy hodgson says striker andy carroll is `` the most talented striker in the world '' .
universities in england and wales are to be given extra support from the university of manchester in a bid to reduce costs .
the director of academy for academy -lrb- celebrity -rrb- has apologised for `` mistakes '' at the oscars in the wake of the oscars .
a german court has sentenced two men to death in a series of attacks on refugees in the german city of cologne .
london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- workers are to be balloted as part of a shake-up of tube ticket offices .
the chief executive of hotels in northern ireland has said the expansion of the hotel in northern ireland is a `` priority '' .
the number of people living in the north east of england has fallen to its lowest level since 1999 , according to a new survey .
the prime minister has written to prime minister sir martin ferguson to discuss the inquiry into the grenfell tower fire .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is `` minded '' to become the new leader of the labour party .
the head of the un children 's agency , malala yousafzai , has written an open letter to the schoolgirls abducted by boko haram militants in nigeria .
a man who was convicted of raping a woman in the netherlands has been named by police .
a new study suggests that climate change could rise by more than half the world 's poorest countries .
work has started on a new tram station in nottingham .
chancellor george osborne has called for a `` tax deficit '' between the conservatives and the government over the next five years .
a woman accused of sexually abusing vulnerable girls in rotherham has told a court she was sexually assaulted .
england made it two wins from two in the one-day cup with a stand victory over worcestershire at new road .
a small town in the south-western region of south-western iran has killed at least 25 people and injured more than 100 .
us president barack obama has named james comey as the new director of the fbi .
a judge in dublin has ordered the arrest of a former anglo irish bank employee over a tax evasion scandal .
britain 's mccolgan mccolgan won olympic gold in the men 's eilish m at the diamond league meeting in birmingham .
david cameron has defended the government 's response to the tax avoidance scandal , saying it had been `` offshore '' about tax avoidance .
st patrick 's bessbrook clinched st peter 's st patrick 's cup semi-final with a hogan win over st peter 's st patrick 's park .
firefighters have been tackling a series of gorse fires in parts of scotland .
a man who admitted downloading indecent images of children has been jailed for nine years .
a judge in the republic of ireland has been ordered to pay $ 5m -lrb- â # injunction -rrb- in damages from the republic of ireland .
councils in england and wales are being forced to pay social care over the next five years , according to government figures .
one of the uk 's most famous conservation , the wettest , has warned of a lack of decline in the uk .
two men arrested in connection with the murder of a man in county donegal have been released on bail .
scotland 's lovat cup quarter-final hopes suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by lovat at the marine harvest cup .
police investigating the disappearance of a missing raf serviceman have released two images of a man they want to speak to .
the afghan military says it has carried out a series of raids on afghanistan 's helmand province in helmand province .
a man who admitted filming a woman 's phone while filming her mobile phone has been jailed for nine months .
first minister peter robinson has denied claims he was involved in a botched renewable energy incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
forfar athletic maintained their seven-point lead at the top of scottish league two with victory over forfar athletic .
a student has been cleared of raping a student at a university in staffordshire , a court has heard .
great britain 's jessica ennis-hill missed out on a place in the women 's 400m hurdles final at the rio olympics .
us president donald trump has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future of president trump 's tax arrangements .
the number of babies born in the uk is likely to fall , according to a new study .
former doctor who star jodie whittaker has died at the age of 77 , his publicist has announced .
a police officer who was found dead in the hillsborough disaster was `` kevin '' and `` hours '' , a court has heard .
a pilot who died in the shoreham air crash has been named as a victim of the shoreham air disaster .
the royal navy 's new aircraft carriers will be withdrawn from the royal navy , the defence secretary has said .
a protest has been held in liverpool to protest against plans to cut liverpool 's council budget .
reading have signed reading midfielder competitive rakels on a season-long loan deal .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in county antrim .
hundreds of soldiers have taken part in a memorial service to mark the 70th anniversary of the death of british soldier czech warwickshire .
plans to build a new railway station in reading have been approved by the city council .
ricky hatton became the first scot to win a professional open title at the open at royal troon .
two women have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a house in dorset .
the university of england is to offer a new degree degree courses in the uk .
a grade ii-listed mill which was destroyed in a fire has been put up for sale .
wigan warriors prop andy flower has been banned for two games after being found guilty of misconduct .
renault chief executive dave verstappen says he will not be able to return to formula 1 after the company said it would be `` disastrous '' for the company .
arsenal boss arsene wenger has been charged by the football association for failing to control his side at the top of the premier league .
dunfermline athletic extended their lead at the top of the championship after coming from behind to beat dunfermline athletic .
a leading african food prize winner has been awarded the millennium prize for the first time .
a man has been fined # 30,000 after a worker fell from a balcony at a hotel in cornwall .
a county antrim man has appeared in court accused of harassing his wife and wife .
a body has been found in the search for a missing man from inverness .
actress gwen gwen has revealed she is writing her new album , her first album , in a new album .
writer writer category marra has been named the winner of this year 's new york writer of the year award .
chelsea manager antonio conte has signed a new five-year contract with the premier league champions .
celebrity chef prue leith has been announced as the new host of the great british bake off .
a row has broken out over plans to build a new mosque in the centre of leeds .
former world number one rafael nadal has been suspended from all sport for two years after being accused of doping .
a police force has been criticised for failing to tackle child sex abuse in kent .
a court in chile has sentenced a former president of the country 's former military ruler , lawyer lawyer .
it 's been a year since the start of the world twenty20 , the women 's super league , the women 's super league , is one of the world 's leading cricketers in the world .
a man has died after being crushed by a bridge in the south indian city of singh , police say .
preston north end came from behind to claim a point against preston north end at deepdale .
the exam regulator ofqual has criticised england 's exams watchdog for failing to properly investigate the exam exams system .
an inquest into the kingsmills murders of two protestant workmen in county armagh has been adjourned for the first time .
olympic gold medallist victoria 39-year-old has announced her retirement from international sport .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how the women 's olympic team won the olympic games .
welsh language commissioner ian evans has been appointed as the new welsh language commissioner .
the trial of a dublin teenager held in an egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until march .
fifa presidential candidate gianni infantino has been elected as the new president of the fifa presidential election .
asisat oshoala scored a late winner as ghana came from behind to beat ghana in the africa cup of nations in ghana .
the football association has called for the football association to change the football association 's run of the football association .
plans have been submitted for a multi-million pound development at a former st site in cornwall .
rights group amnesty international has called on qatar 's 2022 world cup 2022 -lrb- $ progress ; â # bid -rrb- for the 2022 world cup .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of teenager becky watts .
a carmarthenshire council 's decision to cut its christmas lights has been cancelled because of council cuts .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- is `` not good enough '' .
the family of a highland man who died after being buried in a highland highland village have paid tribute to him .
a law banning the killing of a fox in cheshire is being investigated by the crown prosecution service .
fashion fashion brand inditex has announced it is expanding its fashion brand fashion brand .
the world 's oldest ship , the ship , has died at the age of 97 at the age of 105 .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the story of africa 's film industry .
the met office has issued a yellow warning to the public as a warning of gales in parts of scotland .
gary neville scored twice as atletico madrid came from behind to beat valencia and reach the spanish league semi-finals .
a rare copy of the 1916 easter rising has been sold at auction for # item .
karl robinson 's first game in charge of charlton ended in defeat as they were held to a goalless draw by charlton .
the national heritage fund -lrb- procession -rrb- has secured a # 1m grant to raise funds for a national heritage fund .
it was meant to be the 30th anniversary of the crowd between gloucester and gloucester .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in gwynedd .
relatives of the victims of the clutha helicopter crash in glasgow have called for an investigation into the tragedy .
former world number one laura donald is the first british man to win the british open at the british open .
msps have voted in favour of allowing same-sex marriage in scotland .
iraq 's prime minister haider al-abadi has announced a controversial overhaul of the country 's political system .
great britain 's women fought back from 3-1 down to beat argentina 2-1 and reach the women 's hockey world league semi-finals .
in the wake of the paris attacks , german chancellor angela merkel has said the country will not be able to cope with the crisis in europe .
james robson 's century helped yorkshire beat yorkshire by eight wickets in the championship match at lord 's .
roma have been fined 50,000 euros -lrb- # serie -rrb- after being found guilty of racially abusing roma -lrb- gypsy mario balotelli .
in our series of letters from african journalists , nigerian novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of rani like .
a us police officer has been shot dead by police in the us state of dallas , police say .
jockey frankie dettori became the first british jockey to win a gold medal at the national theatre in london .
hollywood actress angelina jolie pitt has been honoured with a documentary about the life of hollywood actress angelina jolie pitt .
a conservative mp has accused the bbc of `` of '' the government for the first time in more than two years .
the line-up for this year 's loopallu music festival has been announced .
the number of people claiming to work in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began , a survey suggests .
a man has been charged with eight counts of rape and rape offences .
the welsh assembly election is `` a success '' , the party 's leader for wales has said .
former us secretary of state john kerry has told us president-elect donald trump that she is `` the best person in the world '' .
the father of a man killed in a car crash in greater manchester has called for tougher guidelines for drivers .
rafael nadal reached the quarter-finals of the french open with a straight-set victory over spain 's alexander zverev .
the husband of a manchester woman who was killed in a bomb attack in manchester has paid tribute to her `` beautiful '' daughter .
celtic moved up to second in the scottish premiership with victory over rangers in the scottish cup .
it 's been a turbulent year for british boxing .
a powerful earthquake has struck nepal , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
kumar sangakkara hit his first century of the season to help surrey to a four-wicket win over surrey at the oval .
algeria striker federation benzia has joined french ligue 1 side algeria on loan until the end of the season .
former manchester united and england captain michael o'leary has been sacked by the football association .
an argentine government plan to tackle excessive violence in england and wales has been unveiled by the education minister .
cornwall head coach graham dawe says the rugby football league will be a `` disaster '' for the rugby world cup .
guernsey fc have signed two players from guernsey fc on a short-term deal for the 2017-18 season .
labour mp jo cox has been shot dead in the capital , jo cox .
liam boyce scored the only goal of the game as ross county beat inverness caledonian thistle to move up to second in the premiership .
two brothers who sexually abused two boys at a boys ' home in sheffield have been jailed .
at least eight people have died in a train crash in the indian state of uttar pradesh , police say .
the republic of ireland has called on the republic of ireland to take action against the republic of ireland .
greek stock markets have fallen after greece failed to reach a deal with the european central bank .
steve bruce has been named as the new manager of championship side aston villa .
a man accused of sexually abusing girls at a mosque in cardiff has been cleared of child sex offences .
the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- has warned that the uk economy is `` going to go '' as spending by the institute for fiscal studies .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has launched a review of the spread of prostate cancer .
plans to demolish a grade ii-listed building in county durham have been given the go-ahead by durham university .
electric car maker tesla has said it will cut production of its model model x suv in 2017 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault after a woman was attacked in cardiff .
a council has said it is `` appalled '' by the council 's decision to pay # 300,000 to help residents affected by flooding in the isle of wight .
two men have appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was shot dead in county armagh .
the son of a man who died in minnesota last week has been found dead in a minnesota park , his son has said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the implications for islamist militants in mali .
a man who was shot in the head with a taser at a flat in hull has been named by police .
samsung has filed a lawsuit against samsung 's samsung electronics and samsung 's huawei .
bbc newsnight editor jeremy corbyn has returned to the uk for the first time in more than two years .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a boy was stabbed to death in north london .
manchester united moved up to second in the premier league with a hard-fought victory over manchester united at old trafford .
aberdeen have signed midfielder stevie may from st johnstone for an undisclosed fee .
a production plant in merthyr tydfil is to close its production plant in merthyr tydfil , it has been announced .
women 's super league one side bristol city ladies have signed former england under-23 international 33 lindahl .
as the republic of ireland prepares for a referendum on the republic of ireland , the republic of ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
staff at a hospital in stoke-on-trent have been told to stop playing pokemon go on the pitch .
former doctor who star peter capaldi is to star in a one-off role in the new series of doctor who later .
a 16-year-old boy has been rescued from a river in the river thames .
a man who robbed a shop worker in glasgow has been jailed for two years .
if you want to know what is thought to be one of the most important education places in the world ?
julius indongo stunned julius indongo in the first round of the wbo world super-lightweight title with a unanimous points victory over julius indongo .
a student has been charged with the murder of a student who was found dead in a burning car .
the grandson of the democratic republic of congo , dr congo 's youngest congo , has been found dead in the democratic republic of congo .
russian president vladimir putin has condemned the killing of a russian jet on a turkish border near the border with syria .
it 's been a year since a fire in the us and canada .
sheffield united extended their unbeaten league run to seven games as they beat bury at bramall lane .
the archbishop of canterbury has said he is `` shocked '' by the attacks in the wake of the brussels attacks in brussels .
a mcdonald 's restaurant in mcdonald 's restaurants has been given the go-ahead by the high court .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has called for the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- to help the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says he is `` very happy '' about his future as manager of the club .
a report into the death of a schoolgirl at a pembrokeshire council has been criticised by a report .
stoke city have signed midfielder eric choupo-moting on a three-year deal after he was released by manchester city .
fifa president sepp blatter has called for a ban on racism in football .
england reached the semi-finals of the women 's world cup with a comfortable lionesses win over england at wembley .
bayern munich reached the champions league quarter-finals for the first time this season with a 2-0 win over bayern munich .
a court in belfast has ruled that a legal case against a bakery in belfast is `` not acceptable '' .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of kidnapping a woman in greater manchester , police have said .
carrie fisher , the star of carrie fisher , has died in a plane crash in los angeles .
nick clegg has accused the liberal democrats of trying to cut tax credit cuts as he launched his election campaign .
singapore 's prime minister , nguyen tay , has spoken out about the shooting of a couple in singapore .
a security alert has been found in the republic of ireland , police have said .
inspectors have warned of `` significant improvements '' in the worcestershire prison after inspectors found `` inadequate '' levels of violence .
thousands of people have taken part in a march in sydney to mark the 30th anniversary of the sydney siege .
a second case of bird flu has been confirmed at a farm in lincolnshire .
the head of sri lanka 's national museum , read read , has called on the country 's national museum to protect them from extinction .
google has released a android version of its android operating system .
a man has been charged in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car in the us state of utah .
a county antrim farmer has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of illegal waste .
changes to the benefits of benefits in scotland are `` shameful '' , according to a new study .
nigeria striker 20-year-old egbuchulam has been named in nigeria 's squad for the africa cup of nations .
a petition calling for a ban on fireworks displays in the bonfire fireworks has been backed by the government .
edinburgh will host the 2017 european challenge cup finals for the first time in 2017 .
alliance alliance alliance has reported a loss of # stands m for the three months to the end of december .
belgian police say they have arrested a man suspected of being part of the paris attacks in the capital , paris .
in the south of the philippine capital , manila , in the southern province of manila , a small town in the southern province of manila , in the southern province of manila .
the search for two irish coastguard crew who died in a helicopter crash in the republic of ireland has been brought back to the sea .
a us teenager has been charged in connection with the alleged murder of a student at a university in the us state of pennsylvania .
a hospital trust has been rated `` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against the closure of stafford hospital .
a pembrokeshire swimming pool has been put up for sale .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- is `` slowing down '' .
league two side portsmouth have signed plymouth argyle midfielder sean nelson on loan until the end of the season .
bristol head coach karl robinson has left his position as head coach of bristol at the end of the season .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a car was struck by a car in suffolk .
a man has been found guilty of killing a man who died after being hit by a car in west sussex .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
former chelsea striker didier drogba says he is `` excited '' about signing a new contract with the premier league club .
the taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny has called for a referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union .
republic of ireland manager martin o'neill said he was `` fine '' by his side 's 1-1 draw with bournemouth at the aviva stadium .
league two side portsmouth have signed midfielder simon weston on a two-year deal following his release by southend united .
rail passengers were forced to leave their tracks after a train derailed in the south west of england .
the number of people with dementia in the uk is at its highest level since records began , a study suggests .
diageo , the world 's biggest distiller , has reported a sharp rise in sales for the first half of the year .
a vicar has been given a suspended prison sentence after being found guilty of the attempted murder of a teenage girl .
us president barack obama has accused us president barack obama of `` hypocrisy '' , saying he was `` deeply disturbed '' by russian president vladimir putin .
ciara mageean missed out on a place in the women 's 800m final at the european indoor championships in belgrade .
a new species of eels has been discovered in norfolk , according to the environment agency .
the brazilian grand prix , the brazilian grand prix , is one of the most famous sporting races in the world .
a man who died after being shot in the head with a taser has been named by police .
the wife of a man who was left with a brain tumour in the republic of ireland has spoken of his relief after his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour .
defence secretary sir michael fallon has called on nato allies to `` raise the plug '' in defence of nato .
the welsh parliament has backed a call for the welsh parliament to be given the welsh parliament .
the polls have begun in the german capital , angela merkel , for the first time since the general election .
a sale hotel in aberdeen has gone into administration with the loss of up to # 8m .
plans for a new tram station in derby have been approved by the city council .
labour 's shadow business secretary chuka umunna has accused labour leader jeremy corbyn of being `` screaming '' .
the chief executive of japanese electronics firm tadashi , tadashi takahashi , has resigned .
the final day of the first test against south africa begins on saturday , with the champions trophy final at the oval .
scientists say they are concerned about the dangers of a chemical substance that could be linked to the skin substance .
a 24-hour strike by arriva trains at arriva trains has been suspended .
burnley moved up to third in the championship with victory over championship strugglers bolton wanderers .
northern ireland rowers holly cassells and holly chambers have won silver medals at the european rowing championships in london .
a man accused of murdering his sister-in-law has told a court he was the victim of a `` crush '' , a court has heard .
a former sheffield united footballer who was sexually abused by a football fan has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' .
the vatican has announced the appointment of a new ambassador to the vatican .
nhs england is facing a `` serious risk '' of gp practices , a bbc investigation has found .
wales manager chris coleman says his side 's euro 2016 qualifier against france at euro 2016 will be a `` friendly '' .
guy martin has confirmed he will return to the isle of man tt next year .
burnley have signed striker jon walters from premier league rivals burnley for an undisclosed fee .
the shortlist for this year 's bbc women 's footballer of the year 2017 has been announced .
queen elizabeth ii has been honoured with her 90th birthday , buckingham palace has announced .
this week , the uk 's biggest retail sales retailer , the uk 's biggest retailers , is gearing up on the bbc news website .
a man has been jailed for three years for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car .
alzheimer 's disease may be linked to alzheimer 's disease , according to us researchers .
the wife of honeymoon murder victim anni dewani has arrived in south africa for the murder of anni dewani .
a doctor has been banned from the profession for five years after being found guilty of assaulting a patient .
a northern ireland health trust has been ordered to pay more than # 8m to the health and social care trust -lrb- hse -rrb- .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the pace in second practice at the canadian grand prix as lewis hamilton won the hungarian grand prix .
public toilets should be allowed to access toilets in public toilets under plans being considered by the welsh government .
a police officer who was attacked by a man with a hammer has been given a bravery award .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of gross misconduct over the arrest of a man who was arrested on suspicion of assault .
northern ireland 's police and crime department -lrb- review -rrb- has announced plans for a new training training facility in northern ireland .
a protest has been held over plans to close a hospital 's maternity unit in oxfordshire .
former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi has told the bbc that he is `` not the best person in the world '' .
northern ireland 's first minister has said he is `` very optimistic '' that talks between the northern ireland secretary of state and the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- have said .
a funeral has been held in londonderry to mark the funeral of a county tyrone man who died in a shooting at a funeral in londonderry .
scientists say they have found a gene that can be extinct in europe .
a body has been found by police searching for a man who went missing on a beach in the republic of ireland .
a former raf serviceman has been reunited with his family after a series of attacks in the city of santa valley .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the surprises of the democratic republic of congo .
danny willett became the first man to win the masters for the first time after beating fellow englishman danny willett at augusta .
the m4 relief road has been on the horizon .
west indies claimed their first win of the inaugural world twenty20 with a pollard win over west indies in sydney .
staff at a hospital in edinburgh have been told to stay away from hospital because of a lack of care .
ospreys missed the chance to go top of the pro12 with a hard-fought win over bottom side newport gwent dragons .
a court in india has sentenced two men to life in prison for the murder and murder of a man who was shot dead by a mob in the capital , delhi .
legendary wrestling star wwe wrestling has died at the age of 83 , his family has announced .
a dog has been rescued after getting stuck in the sea off the coast of devon .
rangers will face rangers in the scottish league cup quarter-finals at hampden park on saturday .
a new law to help young people with radicalised extremist groups in syria has been launched by the government .
the iaaf 's decision to award the 2021 world championships in eugene , oregon , has been rejected by the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
a man has been jailed for six years after being found guilty of making a book on social media .
syrian government forces have carried out a series of air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria , officials say .
the winner of this year 's winner of the year prize is set to be named the winner of this year 's prize for fiction .
a police officer has been arrested after a video emerged showing a group of police officers to confront a police officer in jerusalem .
the family of a three-year-old boy who died after being attacked by a homeowner have won an appeal against his family 's damages .
the uk 's nuclear safety regulator has given the go-ahead to the uk 's nuclear safety rating .
a council has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the closure of a ceredigion residential home in ceredigion .
pope francis has called on the pope to introduce a ban on abortion in the catholic church .
staff at a school in north wales have been awarded compensation totalling # 100,000 in compensation .
the bbc has announced it is to launch a lifetime achievement award for young people in northern ireland .
more than 1,000 dogs have been banned from using dogs for dogs in a bid to reduce the number of dogs in the town .
the investigation into allegations of sexual assault by a police officer at the centre of the so-called `` trojan horse '' inquiry , the bbc has learned .
boeing has announced plans to build a new type of bin implant .
construction work has begun on a new # 44m construction museum in dundee .
the bank of scotland is to close its bank branches as part of a major shake-up of the bank .
egypt were knocked out of the africa cup of nations as they were held to a goalless draw by morocco in the africa cup of nations .
brazil have parted company with coach luiz felipe scolari after a shock defeat by the netherlands in brazil .
gordon aikman , who has died at the age of 74 , has been diagnosed with motor neurone disease -lrb- mnd -rrb- .
exeter returned to the top of the premiership with a bonus-point win over sale sharks at sandy park .
the company behind plans for a # 1bn rail network in swansea has been given the go-ahead by the welsh government .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has been speaking for the first time since he was sworn in as labour leader .
a former metropolitan police detective has been cleared of perverting the course of justice .
london mayor boris johnson has announced plans to build a bridge over the river thames .
indonesia 's economy grew by 0.7 % in the first quarter of 2016 , according to the country 's economy minister .
work has started on a new # 6m m campus in coventry .
police searching for missing toddler ben needham on the greek island of kos have found a new site .
the uk 's university of scotland -lrb- net -rrb- has launched a research project which aims to increase the number of students in scotland .
sale sharks scrum-half mike phillips has signed a new two-year contract with the premiership club .
a german university student who was born in germany for more than a decade has died at the age of 86 .
one of the world 's biggest online banks , topps , has been hit by a cyber attack , a security firm has said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of raping a 15-year-old girl in birmingham .
firefighters in england and wales are to be balloted for strike action in a row over pensions .
petrochemical firm ineos has announced plans to build a new gas plant at the grangemouth plant in lanarkshire .
airbus 's chief executive has said the uk should leave the european union if the uk leaves the european union .
labour could win a second general election if the party wins the general election , a labour mp has said .
health secretary jeremy hunt has promised to improve the quality of patient safety in hospitals in england .
it 's one of the biggest albums in the world , the band 's lyrics album , frontman , topics , topics , topics , topics , topics , topics , frontman and lyrics .
maria sharapova 's hopes of winning a first grand slam title were dented as she was beaten in the first round of the australian open .
st mirren have signed striker chris thomas from championship side reading for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
lego has said it is `` deeply disappointed '' by reports of a `` new chapter '' in the mail .
gillingham have appointed former gillingham boss neil taylor as their new manager .
a huge explosion has broken out in the syrian city of aleppo , killing at least 11 people , activists say .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro has urged venezuela 's president nicolas maduro to step down .
the husband of a british man killed in the tunisia terror attack has paid tribute to him .
the queen , philip buckingham , has been named as the queen of edinburgh .
sierra leone 's new president , charles leone , has died at the age of 97 .
britain 's andy murray reached the quarter-finals of the french open with a 6-4 7-5 win over canadian fought .
wigan athletic have signed wigan striker daryl powell on loan until the end of the season .
the number of applications for advertising companies in guernsey has risen by more than 50 % in the last three years , according to a report .
a spanish judge has ordered the spanish football union -lrb- lawyers -rrb- to pay a total of $ lawyers -lrb- # lawyers -rrb- in damages .
kenya secured their place in the women 's africa cup of nations quarter-finals with a 2-1 win over tanzania .
it 's one of the most important australians in the world .
britain 's mark cavendish won the second race of the uci track cycling world championships with victory in the men 's omnium .
it 's been a busy year for labour leader jeremy corbyn .
police in australia have launched a series of counter-terrorism measures to combat so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
asian shares were mostly higher on tuesday , as the country 's economy continued to rise .
one of the uk 's most popular stores , asda , will open a store in greater manchester , it has been announced .
former newcastle united boss steve mcclaren says newcastle united boss steve mcclaren will not be able to keep the club in the premier league .
a number of dogs have died after falling 40ft -lrb- 12m -rrb- from a field in essex .
a man has died after his motorbike was involved in a collision with a car in gwynedd .
the pound has fallen below $ 30 a barrel for the first time in more than two years .
for al-attiya , the head of the qatar basin , says the plight of the gulf nations is a `` clean water '' .
a us court has ordered hulk hogan to pay $ 5m -lrb- â # others -rrb- in damages for the death of a friend .
scientists say they have discovered a new way to unlock the standard model of the universe .
virtual reality is one of the world 's biggest gaming companies .
the wreck of a 17th century shipwreck that sank off the coast of the netherlands has been completed .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a woman who was hit by a bus in salford .
a teenager has appeared in court charged with the murder of teenager paige doherty in clydebank .
tributes have been paid to us actor frank maxwell , who has died at the age of 72 .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in swindon .
former world heavyweight champion tyson tyson says he wants to fight wladimir klitschko at the rio olympics .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering his wife , who was found dead in his home in washington dc .
for the first time since the end of the championship season , the premier league is back to the top of the championship for the first time .
david cameron has said he is `` very concerned '' about the uk 's membership of the european union in the wake of the brexit vote .
hundreds of people have been left without power in greater manchester after a major clean-up operation .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has been arrested in connection with the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
german carmaker daimler has said it will investigate the emissions of diesel vehicles in the wake of the diesel emissions scandal .
police in the republic of ireland have arrested a man in connection with an illegal drugs operation in the republic of ireland .
fertility services in hartlepool have been told it can not be able to make it easier for specialist services to run services in hartlepool .
plans to close one of britain 's largest military sites have been announced by the ministry of defence .
the european commission has agreed to set up a package of measures to help farmers affected by the eu referendum .
cornish pirates coach gavin cattle praised his side 's defensive performance after their score defeat by connacht .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has been fined $ 10,000 -lrb- # incident -rrb- for failing to reach the africa cup of nations quarter-finals .
women 's super league one champions birmingham city came from behind to beat birmingham city in the women 's super league one .
at least 39 people have been killed in a series of explosions in kenya 's capital , nairobi , officials say .
plans for a scheme village in north yorkshire have been rejected by councillors .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the results of the election .
lock ball ball has been ruled out of wales ' six nations opener against italy in rome on saturday .
st mirren manager goodwin goodwin says he is not worried about his future after being relegated from the championship .
denmark reached the semi-finals of the women 's european championship after a penalty shootout win over denmark in rotterdam .
the number of people killed by a powerful earthquake in new zealand has risen to 115 , officials say .
iraq says it has carried out the first batch of chemical weapons from so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in iraq .
belgium 's euro 2016 qualifier against belgium has been postponed because of a possible security alert .
a drug dealer has been found guilty of taking part in a # gillespie m fraud case in south london .
lewis hamilton says he is confident he can win the british grand prix at the end of the season .
norwegian police have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a mass attack on a island in the norwegian town of norway .
tributes have been paid to a welsh student who died after being hit by a car .
the crew of the victims of the titanic disaster in south london have paid tribute to the victims of the tragedy .
teenager connor connor has revealed he has been diagnosed with hiv .
channel 4 has been praised by a tv channel for mocking a tv show in a live tv show .
fly-half dan biggar has signed a new contract with ospreys which will keep him at the liberty stadium until 2018 .
malaysia 's prime minister has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by the number of people who have been harassed in malaysia .
french police have arrested two brothers in connection with the murder of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo , who was killed in the paris attacks last month .
the house of lords has been sworn in for the first time since the publication of the house of lords .
the israeli government says it has begun a new site on the site of the holy holy holy site in jerusalem .
the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- has been fined $ air -lrb- # france -rrb- by the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- .
the european union , the european union , has launched a referendum on whether to stay in the european union .
the deaths of three men who drowned on a beach in sussex have been criticised by the county council .
rail services between cardiff and london have been announced by the welsh government .
west brom boss tony pulis says he is `` not a good sign '' after being knocked out of the fa cup in the 2-2 draw with west brom .
a prominent islamic state activist has been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in northern syria , officials say .
a man has been jailed for three years for trying to travel to syria to fight with so-called islamic state .
mansfield town have signed striker billy mcdonald from league two rivals cambridge united for an undisclosed fee .
do you know you know what happened this year in the world of sport ?
scientists say they have found the first evidence that dna samples of dna from dna could be used in dna .
a group of six crew members who lost their leg in a royce accident in afghanistan have been named by the ministry of defence .
star wars actor excitement excitement is being released by police in india for the first time in more than two decades .
bristol rovers manager darrell clarke says he wants to leave the club after their relegation from the championship .
ipswich town moved to within a point of the championship play-off places with victory over mk dons .
actress and actress angelina jolie has been named as the new chief executive of the scottish national party .
dame sarah storey became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the world para-athletics championships in london .
donald trump 's decision to step down as president of the united states has been widely welcomed by the us government .
a man has been charged with the attempted murder of a rugby player who was stabbed to death in the london terror attack .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south wales .
sean sexton has been named in the ireland squad for saturday 's world cup match against australia at twickenham on saturday .
archaeologists have uncovered a `` significant '' hoard of ancient artefacts from a castle in edinburgh .
a hindu temple in india 's gujarat state has been barred from entering the country after being accused of rape .
37-year-old american has been appointed as the new coach of nfl super league side hired arians .
talks aimed at averting a series of strikes on north sea oil platforms have been cancelled , the rmt union has announced .
a new film has been unveiled in china for the first time in more than 30 years .
wigan athletic midfielder ben watson will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
chelsea moved up to third in the premier league with a hard-fought victory at home to southampton .
the chief executive of the welsh nhs has suspended the chief executive of the board of wales ' chief executive , dr merrill .
stuart broad , stuart broad and stuart broad , stuart broad , stuart broad , stuart broad and stuart broad .
a series of raids by the world war two dambusters raids has gone on display in nottingham .
a world war two aircraft has been removed from the sea off portsmouth , the ministry of defence has said .
a three-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being found in a street in tallaght , county antrim .
india 's prime minister , chand chand , has died after a heart attack in the capital , delhi .
sri lanka batsman kumar sangakkara has announced his retirement from international cricket .
plans to build a new stand at tynecastle have been approved by hearts .
a man who shone a laser light on a laser crash in glasgow has been jailed for three years .
malaysia airlines chief executive mueller mueller is to step down from his post , the airline has announced .
a former fifa football federation vice-president has pleaded guilty to charges of corruption and corruption .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers nigeria 's success at the africa cup of nations .
scots are more likely to die in the uk , according to a new study .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
us president donald trump has said he will not seek a federal reserve for the first time since the us presidential election .
the number of tigers tigers in india has risen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to official figures .
the mother of a celtic fan who went missing from celtic has told the bbc she is `` desperate '' to speak to his son .
a teenage girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a taxi driver in derbyshire .
shrewsbury 's slim league one play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at shrewsbury .
in the indian city of bangalore , the world of warcraft , india , india , india , india , india , india , india and india .
the family of a 15-year-old boy from northern ireland who went missing from school in northern ireland have said they are `` devastated '' by the response .
actress mcclure mcclure has been given a free ride after being hit by a tram in nottingham .
in the wake of the world cup qualifying campaign , the football association of scotland -lrb- faw -rrb- is not the only part of the world cup .
one of the world 's most prestigious paintings has been awarded the prize for this year 's turner prize .
thousands of polish people have attended a vigil in poland to mark the 70th anniversary of polish airmen .
david cameron has said it is `` very regrettable '' that a plan to reduce the world 's chemical weapons is `` unacceptable '' , david cameron says .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the syrian city of raqqa , activists say .
eu nationals living in the european union have called on the uk to stay in the eu , after the uk voted to leave the eu .
a report into the death of a mother and daughter who died in a crash in the m9 crash has been criticised by the police and crime commissioner .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his mother in a car crash in bristol .
glamorgan made it two wins from two in the county championship with a innings victory over derbyshire .
the uk economy grew by 0.5 % in may , the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- has said .
richard cockerill has been appointed head coach of premiership side bath .
the number of people banned from sport in the uk has increased by more than a third in the past five years , according to the sport 's chief executive .
a memorial plaque has been unveiled in east sussex to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a world war one soldier .
the european commission has approved a $ 2bn -lrb- # amount ; $ amount -rrb- bailout fund for spain .
manchester united were knocked out of the europa league in the first round of the europa league with victory over manchester united .
a lorry driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a lorry driver on a dual carriageway in hampshire .
welsh secretary alun cairns has called for the uk to leave the european union .
joe root , the former ireland coach , has been named in the ireland team to face australia in the six nations .
northern ireland 's chief justice minister david ford has signed a deal with the government to deal with the legacy of the troubles .
a new skills system is needed to improve the skills of scottish workers , according to a new report .
the latest instalment of the new james bond film spectre has been cancelled , the company has confirmed .
a plan to cut the number of people living in poverty has been launched by the welsh government .
england 's hopes of winning the women 's super league title suffered a setback as they were beaten by surrey at the oval .
a trade union is to close its factory in somerset with the loss of 70 jobs .
two people have been killed in a collision between a train and a train in the belgian capital , brussels .
poland 's robert lewandowski scored a hat-trick as poland beat romania to move into the semi-finals of the european championship .
the pilot of a boy who died in the shoreham air disaster has said he was `` humbled '' by the team 's response to the disaster .
sri lankan president mahinda rajapaksa has been charged with corruption , state media say .
swansea city 's proposed takeover of the liberty stadium is a `` milestone '' , says swansea city chairman greg stewart .
the shortlist for this year 's royal television society -lrb- winners -rrb- awards have been announced .
australian director of cricket arthur arthur says australia 's players are `` totally '' and `` ridiculous '' after being selected for the second test against australia in sydney .
former england forward nigel pearson says he has no regrets about signing a new deal at the indian super league .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a woman in manchester .
the creator of the simpsons , the simpsons , says it is `` very pleased '' that a us tv show will be the next president of the united states .
a former police officer has been jailed for three years for sexually assaulting a woman in her own home .
so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has claimed that so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been destroyed by so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in mosul .
sepp blatter 's bid to succeed sepp blatter as president of football 's world governing body fifa has come to an end .
the high court has ruled that a review of the case of scottish secretary of state for the first time in the election has been rejected by the high court .
a new computer computer has been created at the university of edinburgh .
robert lewandowski scored twice as bayern munich came from behind to beat bayern munich in the champions league .
martin mcguinness , the former deputy first minister , has spoken out about the ira 's involvement in the troubles .
legal highs will be banned in england and wales under new laws introduced by the government .
port vale moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with victory over port vale .
us secretary of state john kerry has said he is `` devastated '' by somalia 's decision to pull out of somalia 's civil war .
the indian government has defended the decision to grant the director of the indian state of kerala for not allowing students to be banned from the industry .
british and irish lions captain sam warburton says his side are `` desperate '' to beat new zealand in the first test against new zealand .
the royal institute of british architects -lrb- qub -rrb- has announced that it will not be held at the university of belfast .
human remains found at a home in the republic of ireland have been described as `` scandalous '' by the irish government .
johnny depp , johnny depp , johnny depp , johnny depp , johnny depp and johnny depp are being sued by the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
great britain 's liam heath and jon schofield won gold in the 200m breaststroke at the canoe slalom world championships in budapest .
a woman accused of causing the death of a cyclist in a crash has told a court he had `` no problem '' in the crash .
two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by armed robbers at a jewellery shop in central london .
the conservatives have won the welsh seat in cardiff .
vietnam is one of the world 's most powerful economies .
more than # 1m has been spent on the welsh government 's decision to pay compensation to the welsh government .
a huge fire has broken out at a block of flats in melbourne , australia .
the battle of a battle to build the battle of the battle of hastings has been given the go-ahead by the heritage lottery fund .
laura trott , laura trott and laura trott are one of the world 's most successful paralympians .
a brazilian pilot has been killed in a plane crash in colombia , officials say .
a coroner has called for a review of the death of a man who died after being hit by a train in cornwall .
two men have gone on trial accused of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in her flat .
a statue of one of the world 's most famous statue statue , perry perry , has been unveiled .
oxfordshire county council has announced plans to introduce a new dual carriageway in oxfordshire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was hit by a car in essex .
david cameron has called for the uk to stay in the eu after the uk voted to leave the european union .
a university professor has developed a research project that aims to reduce the number of people in the uk to stay in the uk .
the northern ireland assembly has announced plans for a new planning application for northern ireland 's planning applications .
john hardie , who has died at the age of 17 , was a man who had been living in the back of a hotel in new zealand .
retail sales in the uk rose by 0.2 % in november compared with the same month last year , according to official figures .
a deal to buy northern ireland 's northern ireland property portfolio has been agreed by the irish government .
a fundraising campaign has been launched to raise money for a suffolk man who has been sold for more than two weeks .
a 23-year-old indian woman has been found dead in her home in the indian capital , delhi .
dozens of people have been injured after a fire broke out at a building in new york city , officials say .
the head of the uk government says it is `` very committed '' to the future of renewable energy in the uk .
montrose have appointed paul sheerin as their new manager on a two-year contract .
middlesbrough moved up to third in the premier league with a hard-fought victory over bournemouth .
widnes vikings have signed former widnes vikings player vikings vikings on a two-year contract .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
a new campaign has been launched in senegal to help find young people with mental health issues .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of killing a man in north yorkshire .
the mayor of london has said he is `` disappointed '' to be crowned the mayor of london for the first time .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has been granted permission to join the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- , the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- .
the bbc 's pumza verity looks at the effects of air pollution .
salford red devils claimed their first win of the super league season with a hard-fought victory over salford red devils .
it 's been 350 years since the birth of roald dahl .
the first exhibition of a new exhibition at the national gallery in london has opened in the city .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in west sussex .
writer graham graham has said he is `` thrilled '' to play a new play in the west end next year .
a conservation group has been chosen to mark the 400th anniversary of the fells of the lake district .
inverness caledonian thistle manager richie foran says he has no problem with former inverness caledonian thistle boss richie foran .
lancashire director of cricket giles giles says his side are capable of beating lancashire in the county championship .
leicester city 's premier league victory over leicester city in the premier league could be a `` fantastic '' place in the premier league , says leicester city boss david moyes .
more than a third of athletes have tested positive for doping , according to a study .
britain 's andy murray was knocked out of the australian open in the first round by sam querrey at wimbledon .
the family of a teenager who was stabbed to death in greater manchester have paid tribute to him .
all pictures are copyrighted .
the head of russia 's military has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the situation in eastern ukraine .
hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- has called for a change in the number of tax credit payments in the uk .
students at oxford university are to be given the freedom of the city of oxford for the first time .
ulster football association chief executive jim duffy has called for the introduction of the all-ireland football championship .
welsh secretary david davis has been accused of `` arrogance '' by the welsh government over brexit .
the inquest into the death of british football player joseph joseph , who was the victim of the tragedy , has died at the age of 72 .
us president-elect donald trump has congratulated taiwan 's ambassador to taiwan , saying the trump administration is `` aware '' .
bus drivers in dorset and dorset are being balloted on strike action in a row over pay .
the us department of defense has announced that it is shutting down staff redundant in the country 's nuclear system .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says he will be `` vindicated '' about the future of the club in the premier league .
a derelict pier has been bought by the owners of a derelict pier .
toshiba , the world 's largest maker of toshiba , has filed a $ 6.5 bn -lrb- â # us bn -rrb- loss of $ hefty bn -lrb- # westinghouse bn -rrb- .
france midfielder reveillere reveillere has joined french ligue 1 side lyon on a season-long loan .
doctors have called for urgent action to improve the practice of gps in england and wales .
a teenage boy who was left paralysed after being attacked by a car in rhondda cynon taff has spoken of his shock at the moment .
a new museum at durham castle has been uncovered in a new museum .
world number one jordan spieth won his first major title by beating american jordan spieth in the final round of the masters .
rebels in the syrian city of homs have signed a deal to end peace talks with the government .
at least 17 people have been killed by boko haram militants in nigeria 's north-eastern borno state , officials say .
a protest has been held over plans to cut hundreds of children 's centres in oxfordshire .
hundreds of people have been killed in a fire at a forest in the us state of california , officials say .
former liberal democrat leader lord farron has died at the age of 87 .
yorkshire batsman adam lyth hit a fine century to help yorkshire beat surrey by eight wickets in the one-day cup at headingley .
inmates at a prison in essex have been left `` notorious '' because of a `` breakdown '' , the prison secretary has said .
the funeral of a man who was stabbed to death at a house in oxford has been held .
china 's supreme court has ruled that the philippines has committed legal action against the philippines in the disputed waters of the sea .
coach sredojevic ` micho ' sredojevic has agreed to take over as coach of the africa cup of nations .
kemar roofe scored twice as wolves beat cambridge to move up to third in league two .
sussex batsman jim wells says he is not fazed by comparisons with his county championship division one side .
russian president vladimir putin has called for an end to russia 's war war against pro-russian separatists in eastern ukraine .
us secretary of state john kerry has said china is in `` serious concern '' over disputed territory in the disputed south china sea .
two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of child pornography offences , police have said .
a health board has apologised for failing to properly investigate patient care in dumfries and galloway .
the forth road bridge has been given the go-ahead by the scottish government .
actress dame christie christie is to star in the first series of the new series of top gear .
south africa 's biggest share fund , lonmin , is to sell its shares in south africa for the first time in more than two years .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was found dead at a house in cumbria .
scientists say they have found a way to `` seal '' a attraction attraction .
a lion has been shot dead by a lion in kenya 's capital , nairobi , officials say .
cuban president raul castro has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by the decision to allow president donald trump to leave the country .
scientists say they have found a way to address the spread of wild animals in the uk .
us president barack obama has announced that he is to become the new president of the us city of chicago .
a man has been jailed for two years after being found guilty of selling more than # 1m worth of so-called legal highs .
a fundraising campaign has been launched to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of bomber command during world war two .
her her is one of the most influential women in the world .
leigh centurions have appointed former scotland international jamie duffy as their new head coach on a two-year deal .
hundreds of people have taken part in a march to mark the 25th anniversary of the earthquake in italy .
former labour chancellor george osborne has been elected as the new leader of cheshire city council .
the future of the county championship has been a turbulent year for the county .
the number of private parking tickets in scotland has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a report .
more than half of children in the uk are more likely to experience their experiences , according to a new study .
a leading scientist has called for the uk to stay in the uk to stay in the european union .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a crash .
mark cavendish became the first british rider to win the tour de france with victory in the tour de france .
education secretary nicky morgan said he was `` incredibly disappointed '' by the government 's plans to force all schools in england to become academies .
a row has broken out over jeremy corbyn 's leadership of the house of commons .
the parents of a dad who went missing in the uk have said they are `` desperate '' to find a father who has gone missing .
a man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend has been found not guilty of her murder .
a campaign group has been criticised by a group of staff who said they had been paid a job for a job .
a court in spain has sentenced a former imf chief to two years in jail for stealing $ 2.8 bn -lrb- # 1.5 bn -rrb- .
mobile phone firm knapp has announced that it will extend its mobile phones for the first time this year .
a cat has died in a suspected chemical overdose , the rspca has confirmed .
wales ' non stanford has been named in the great britain team for the world triathlon series in australia .
a five-year-old boy has died after falling from a surf at a beach in denmark , police have said .
a farmer has been jailed for six years for causing the death of a boy by careless driving .
scrum tonga scored a hat-trick as leicester came from behind to beat leicester at welford road .
southend united manager phil brown has been accused of racially abusing a referee during the 1-1 draw at southend .
league two side wycombe wanderers have signed midfielder gary harris from wycombe wanderers for an undisclosed fee .
ab de villiers hit a century as england beat south africa by eight wickets in the first one-day international in mumbai .
plans for a new gym centre in denbighshire have been given the go-ahead by councillors .
a polish man has been sentenced to life in prison for plotting to carry out a terrorist attack in the norwegian city of agriculture .
world number one mark selby has been knocked out of the world championship for the second time in a row .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in newport .
police in greece say they are investigating the deaths of dozens of migrants from a migrant camp on the greek island of lesbos .
former rangers manager barry ferguson says he is not ready to return to rangers as a manager .
the mexican government has announced a 10-year increase in the number of crimes in the country .
a police officer who was killed by a police officer at a hostel in caerphilly county told police it was a `` nightmare '' , an inquest has heard .
the british grand prix and the british grand prix have agreed a new deal with the british grand prix .
huddersfield town have signed winger arrived scocco from portuguese side newell newell for an undisclosed fee .
souleymane coulibaly scored a hat-trick as kilmarnock came from behind to beat hearts in the scottish premiership .
police in the us state of texas have launched an investigation after a series of attacks on its website .
a man has pleaded guilty to murdering a woman who was found dead at a hotel in hertfordshire .
rock rock guitarist rick parfitt has died at the age of 74 .
manchester united manager louis van gaal has been given a new contract with the premier league club .
a man has died after being hit by a car in west sussex .
bbc radio 1 's new programme will be broadcast live on bbc one , bbc radio 1 has announced .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was raped in st george .
the prime minister has written to the prime minister calling for a rethink of the nhs in england .
forest fires in the forest of forest have been destroyed by forests , a study has suggested .
archaeologists say they have discovered a `` complete '' discovery of ancient roman treasures in cape town .
the number of workers going to work in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
scientists say they have found a way to make a simple way in the laboratory .
former australian prime minister ken clarke has died at the age of 94 .
a new project has been launched to encourage young people with learning disabilities .
a patient has been taken to hospital after being found unconscious at a hospital in the borders .
a hall hall in borough has been given the green light by the borough council .
scientists say they have found a way to test a blood test that can detect ovarian cancer .
national league side boreham wood have signed striker gary mcsheffrey on a two-year deal following his release by doncaster rovers .
great britain 's eilidh doyle won gold in the men 's 200m freestyle at the european championships in london .
formula 1 world champion lewis hamilton says formula 1 will not be `` impose '' when it comes to formula 1 .
councils in north wales are being asked to take part in a consultation on the practice of local authorities .
health secretary jeremy hunt has announced that the nhs in england is facing a major financial crisis .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has called on the scottish government to impose new powers on scotland 's fiscal framework .
mcdonald 's has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the future of mcdonald 's restaurants in mcdonald 's restaurants .
former world champion sir phil neville has died at the age of 89 .
tributes have been paid to former wales international chris martin , who has died at the age of 72 .
dog owners in oxford could be banned from keeping dog owners under plans being considered by the city council .
oxford united have signed oxford united midfielder jason kenny on loan until the end of the season .
a 13-year-old boy has died in a farm accident in county fermanagh .
the man who killed two black police officers in the us state of minnesota has been named by police as a suspect in the killing of a black man .
a smartphone app that allows users to communicate with a mobile phone app has been launched .
thousands of people have taken part in the crossrail garden in london to mark the arrival of london 's crossrail garden .
tributes have been paid to former bbc dj nat quinn , who has died at the age of 74 .
liverpool supporters have voted in favour of a group campaigning for the hillsborough disaster .
andy murray has announced that he is to step down as chairman of the scottish fashion firm .
all photographs â © ed gold .
a russian journalist has been found dead at his home in moscow , police have said .
more than half a million people in the us are more likely to be overweight , according to a new study .
a car has exploded in the spanish city of spanish , killing at least 11 people and injuring dozens more , officials say .
one of the world 's most famous studios , the granada , has been unveiled in the us .
rail passengers on the forth road bridge are to be hit by the closure of the main rail line .
the chief executive of a sussex nhs trust has resigned after being placed in special measures .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , there is no doubt that the uk could be in the single market if the uk leaves the eu .
a british man has died in myanmar in myanmar , the foreign office has confirmed .
at least 17 people have been killed in clashes between ukrainian government forces and pro-russian rebels in eastern ukraine , local media report .
the way schools are taught in england 's schools should be reviewed , says a report from the government .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his neighbour in a `` brutal '' attack in manchester .
derry city moved back to the top of the league two table as they were held to a draw by galway at the brandywell .
a man who was convicted of murdering two british tourists in the uk has been jailed for two years .
league two side leyton orient have signed chesterfield defender 23-year-old o on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
the world 's biggest smartphone maker , microsoft , will be the first technology firm to be sold in the us .
the number of journeys on the m4 in wales has risen for the first time in more than two years .
lewis hamilton set the pace in second practice at the hungarian grand prix as mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton took pole position .
derby county 's first game in charge of derby county ended in a goalless draw with grimsby at blundell park .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a 15-year-old girl in sunderland .
dundee capitals head coach marc lefebvre praised his team 's performance in their 4-1 win over dundee stars at the sse arena .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in this year 's pride parade in london .
west ham have become the first premier league club to qualify for the women 's super league one club .
the nominations for this year 's bafta children 's awards have been announced .
a man has gone on trial accused of attempting to murder a man at a house in east lothian .
plans to build a new bridge on the humber bridge in humber have been given the go-ahead .
prime minister theresa may has said the uk government will not be able to set up a `` power storm '' in the general election .
the us space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first space test in the space of space .
bbc sport wales will broadcast live coverage of the 2017 world cup .
italian grand prix winner carlos acosta says he has been `` overwhelmed '' by the death of jules bianchi at the russian grand prix .
prince harry has paid tribute to prince harry for the first time .
the number of police officers in england and wales has increased by more than 50 % in a year , the police federation has said .
the chief fire officer at avon fire authority is to be investigated by the fire watchdog .
league two side morecambe have signed striker shaun edwards on a two-year deal after his release by blackburn rovers .
police in india say they have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man in the city of severed .
oldham athletic manager karl robinson says the league two club have `` no plans '' for the league two relegation zone .
saracens director of rugby steve barritt says his side can win the premiership title as they look to win the premiership title .
a rare auctioneers dinosaur has been sold at auction for $ 630,000 -lrb- # rare -rrb- .
police in dallas say they have shot dead black police officers who were shot dead in dallas , dallas police say .
defence secretary liam fox says he is `` deeply concerned '' about the defence of military forces in libya .
formula 1 driver maria de villota was seriously injured when she was hit by a car in cambridgeshire .
one of the world 's most influential artists , sir serota , has been named as the most influential artist of the year .
lawyers representing legal aid organisations in england and wales will face legal aid under plans being considered by the government .
police in bangalore say they have found a `` cheat '' snake in a bid to save the life of a black snake .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest in the russian capital , canberra , for the first time in more than 70 years .
britain 's tom dimension won stage three of the tour de yorkshire after a sprint finish in the final stage .
sepp blatter 's decision to resign as fifa president .
a man has gone on trial accused of murdering his friend and hiding his body in a suitcase .
the remains of a man who was found dead in a motorway in shropshire have been named by police .
a man has been charged with the attempted murder of a police officer in blackpool .
ed miliband has accused the snp of `` exclude and plucky '' after his party 's election victory in the general election .
atletico madrid manager diego simeone has signed a new five-year contract with the champions league champions .
a row has broken out between cardiff and cardiff city council ahead of the general election .
the head of china 's foreign intelligence agency , mcgregor mcgregor , has called for the country 's foreign governments to be `` minimised '' .
leeds united head coach steve mcclaren says the club 's poor start to the premier league season is `` a big step forward '' .
a man has been found guilty of murdering a man who was found dead at a house in leicestershire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with mining stocks leading the way after the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
former prime minister david cameron has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the future of the south african republic .
new england head coach steve bennett says he is `` proud '' to become england 's next head coach .
a murder investigation has been launched after the body of a man was found at a house in edinburgh .
jazz carlin has become the first welsh woman to win a commonwealth games medal in rio .
stoke city boss mark hughes says he has no regrets about signing stoke city striker peter crouch .
a new programme to help patients with mental health problems in afghanistan has been launched .
england subsided to a crushing nine-wicket victory over india in the first one-day international in mumbai .
china 's shane long won olympic gold in the men 's bronze kg weightlifting gold medal at rio 2016 .
former wales and british and irish lions lock john john has died at the age of 81 .
one of the uk 's most successful weir , the television , has won the # 1m prize for the first time .
national league side guiseley have signed midfielder luke joel on a two-year deal following his release by guiseley .
inmates at a prison in the south of scotland are being punished for their behaviour .
pakistan have named new zealand 's kevin pietersen as their new captain for the first time .
labour leadership candidate natalie glass has been appointed as labour 's shadow education secretary .
two former military officers have gone on trial in argentina accused of involvement in the mass murder of a former military officer .
jayaram jayalalitha , the leader of india 's tamil nadu state , is one of the country 's most influential politicians .
plans to build up to 1,000 new homes in greater manchester have been approved by the mayor of london .
a campaign group has criticised the government 's decision to cut the number of nhs hospitals in england and wales .
a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in maghaberry prison has been named by police .
thousands of people lined the streets of london for the first time in more than 70 years .
thousands of people have taken part in a mass trial in bristol for the first time in the city .
a memorial service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the sinking of world war one .
adolf hitler , the former nazi ss leader , has died at the age of 89 .
the number of animal welfare cases in wales has risen for the first time in three years , according to the rspca .
scotland 's unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to official figures .
manchester united midfielder zlatan ibrahimovic says he does not want to win the premier league title this season .
a pakistani woman has been arrested in pakistan for allegedly attempting to marry her husband , pakistani officials say .
a us court has ordered a transgender man to be sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a transgender woman who was shot dead in the philippines .
the public inquiry into undercover policing -lrb- undercover -rrb- is to be investigated by the public inquiry into undercover policing .
fifa has agreed to pay $ 10m -lrb- â # adidas m -rrb- to the world football association -lrb- adidas -rrb- over the next five years .
northern ireland 's draft draft guidelines for abortion in northern ireland has been published by the department of health .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was shot dead in west london .
great britain have been named in the great britain squad for the european championships in london .
grant grant has been appointed scotland women 's coach for the scottish women 's super league .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the recent hindu leader of india 's main opposition congress .
an inquest into the death of a four-year-old girl who died after collapsing at a birmingham hospital has been described as `` horrendous '' by a coroner .
a man from bristol has become the first man to complete a world record for the longest world record .
more than a third of children in devon and cornwall have been sexually abused in the past year , new figures show .
scientists say they have found a way to be the first in the world to have a projectile arc .
one of the world 's largest food companies , news , has been accused of being `` eaten '' by the food standards agency -lrb- fsa -rrb- .
a court in tanzania has ordered the resignation of the former president of tanzania , tanzania tibaijuka , in a corruption scandal .
british and irish lions coach warren gatland says there is no problem with wales coach warren gatland .
a consultation on whether to scrap one of the uk 's largest consultation sites in the uk has been unveiled .
scientists say they have found a way to tackle the spread of type 2 diabetes .
judy murray has been given a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list .
a police investigation into the death of a man who was found dead in inverness is being investigated by the police watchdog .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
scottish borders has been named as the most deprived area in scotland , according to the scottish government .
this is the first time you have been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
russia has become the first country in the world to be allowed to access internet access to the internet .
a man who bludgeoned his seven-month-old son to death with a hammer has been jailed for nine years .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving at a motorway on the m1 .
nhs staff in england are being urged to take extra action to help patients with mental health problems in england and wales .
us comedian bill cosby has said he will not resign after being accused of sexually assaulting a woman .
the former chief executive of the royal bank of scotland -lrb- nagle -rrb- , ian nagle , has died at the age of 88 .
a man has been taken to hospital after suffering serious injuries in a crash in switzerland .
the euro 2016 qualifier between england and england at euro 2016 will be the most important group in the history of euro 2016 .
the trial of prominent republican thomas ` slab ' murphy has been adjourned until the end of the year .
a teenager who stabbed a teenager to death at a school in aberdeen has been jailed for life .
two men have been jailed for sexually abusing a teenage girl in hertfordshire .
the board of formula 1 's board of formula 1 is to step down after two years in charge .
a few years ago , a young afghan boy was born in the heart of a minibus in nepal .
the value of the pound has fallen to its lowest level since the brexit vote , according to a survey .
voting has begun in elections to mark the general election on 8 june .
actor and writer ralph fiennes has been honoured at the british film institute of fame -lrb- 50-year-old -rrb- awards .
this year 's indian premier league begins on wednesday with india 's top 10 teams , including india , india and india .
former liberal democrat leader nick clegg has called on the uk government to cut the maximum rate of the prison population .
former romanian prime minister his grindeanu has been removed from office in the capital , kiev .
barcelona have rejected a deal to sign barcelona striker neymar from barcelona for # 48.6 m -lrb- # 200m -rrb- .
a fox has been rescued from a cambridgeshire house after escaping from a cambridgeshire house .
the un has said it is `` appalled '' by reports that syrian government forces have been killed by so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
england test captain alastair cook says he is not worried about his future as england test captain .
national league side boreham wood have signed bristol rovers midfielder jordan broom on loan until the end of the season .
sri lanka 's governing body of sri lanka 's cricket team has been suspended after being hit by a ball in sri lanka .
skeleton is one of the world 's most successful sporting events .
scarlets centre scott williams has been banned for two weeks after being found guilty of racially abusing a woman .
guildford borough council 's decision to demolish a surrey village has been delayed because of a lack of uptake .
shares in venezuelan airline suspension plunged by more than 10 % after the airline imposed a suspension from the country .
israel and the palestinians have committed war crimes against civilians in the gaza war , according to a un report .
a group of syrian refugees have arrived in northern ireland for the first time since the conflict in syria .
us governor mike pence has called for a law banning gay marriage in the us state of indiana .
three people have been charged in connection with the collapse of a landslide in the chinese city of tianjin , officials say .
the european union has signed a deal with the european union to try to deal with the migrant crisis .
a photograph of a young syrian boy who drowned on a turkish beach in the aegean sea has been released by turkish media .
belfast 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has proposed plans for a new bus lane in belfast .
argos owner home retail group has reported a 23 % rise in like-for-like sales to # eight-week m in the first half of the year .
tv presenter paula cahill has been awarded the freedom of the royal television society -lrb- programme -rrb- awards .
teachers at de la salle college in west belfast have begun a three-day strike .
liverpool boss jurgen klopp says his side are `` desperate '' after their 2-0 defeat by liverpool at anfield .
a new care home for vulnerable people in england is being launched by the national care association .
canadian singer justin bieber has been killed in a collision with a car in the us state of minnesota .
the uk 's telecoms regulator is to launch a consultation on the future of the uk 's 4g 4g mobile operating system .
former ukip leader diane culligan has been suspended from the party after being suspended for hiv .
manchester united extended their lead at the top of the premier league to 11 points after a goalless draw at home to olympiakos .
a man arrested in connection with the murder of a young girl in yorkshire has been released without charge .
scarlets head coach wayne pivac says he has been `` devastated '' by criticism of his team 's performance at the european champions cup .
plans to build stonehenge on the a303 near stonehenge have been given the go-ahead by the government .
25-year-old bryony has become the first british woman to win a medal at the rio olympics .
the rise in the number of people taking part in the belfast telegraph has risen by more than 50 % in the past year .
the fa cup third-round tie between sheffield united and sheffield united will be streamed live on bbc one .
two birds of prey have been shot dead in north yorkshire , police have said .
plans to build a new cycle path on the outskirts of edinburgh have been approved by the city council .
the number of police forces in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , a report has found .
iran 's president mahmoud ahmadinejad has accused iran of destabilising the country 's civil war .
a police officer who was arrested on suspicion of assault after a night out in glasgow has been praised by police .
south african sailor alex thomson has become the first man to win the race of the tour de france .
plans to build a new road in swansea have been given the go-ahead by the welsh government .
double olympic champion peter van governing has been banned for two years after testing positive for a banned substance .
the russian military says it is `` deeply concerned '' about the escalation of russian air force jets in syria .
liverpool midfielder jordan henderson has signed a new five-year deal with the premier league club .
an immigration removal centre at gatwick airport has been branded `` inadequate '' by the home office .
mikheil saakashvili , the former georgian president , has died at the age of 89 .
leeds rhinos head coach brian mcdermott described his side 's `` amazing '' performance as they beat leeds rhinos to win the super league title .
the death of a man who died after being hit by a drug has been released from hospital .
us president donald trump has condemned threats against jewish community centres in response to a spate of attacks in the us .
a man has been accused of making a `` low '' advert for a children 's school in southampton .
worcestershire director of cricket steve rhodes says there is `` a good chance '' for worcestershire to be given the chance to play in the county championship .
the chief minister of the iranian prison in tehran has said he is `` extremely concerned '' about the future of the country 's prison .
the us military has filed lawsuits against the us military in the us state of texas .
royal mail has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits and warned of a `` challenging '' rise in the pound .
at least four people have been killed in a taliban attack in southern afghanistan , officials say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in new york city .
jockey ryan moore will miss this year 's australian grand prix as he recovers from a shoulder injury .
oxford maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with a comfortable victory at oxford .
a song written by former england captain 82 song has been released by the national football league .
an inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in a park in derbyshire is being investigated by police .
a group of mps has called for a `` new system '' for immigration in wales if the uk leaves the european union .
apple has announced that it is investing $ and -lrb- â # loved -rrb- in support for its new generation of female employees .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in her home in south london .
northern ireland 's finance minister , theresa villiers , has announced plans to cut the northern ireland executive 's finances .
two women have been removed from the uk 's highest court after being found guilty of using a defective breast implant to a defective breast implant .
when australian prime minister malcolm turnbull was elected as the new leader of the opposition party in australia 's election campaign .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of cannabis plants in south lanarkshire .
the number of patients dying from hospital in england and wales is at its highest level since records began , according to a new report .
chris gunter says wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against france at euro 2016 would be a `` massive moment '' for wales .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a six-year-old boy in inverness .
a new music festival is to be held in the highlands .
two teenagers who stabbed a teenager to death in a `` ferocious '' attack have been jailed for life .
scotland 's scott waites says he has no problem with his career after being forced to retire from the bdo world championships .
leicester riders will face championship champions sheffield wednesday in the efl trophy final at wembley on saturday .
a consumer group has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the price of fake products in the uk .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was seriously injured at a police station .
london underground station is to increase its capacity for the first time in more than 30 years .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a flat in east belfast .
in the middle of the city of victor , the bbc 's victor victor looks at the future of the civil war .
it 's been a busy year in the indian capital , delhi .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire broke out at a house in west lothian .
demolition work at the site of the collapse of the collapse of the collapse of didcot power station has collapsed .
one of the world 's largest bitcoin exchanges , bitcoin , has been shut down , the company has said .
the mother of a teenage girl who was sexually abused by a group of asian men has said she is `` shocked '' by the number of women who have been sexually abused .
a prison has been criticised for failing to properly investigate the death of an inmate at pentonville prison .
former england and qpr striker glen campbell has died at the age of 88 .
police in the us state of washington have arrested a man in the us state of san francisco , officials say .
teaching assistants in wales are to be given a new contract by the welsh government .
two soldiers have been killed in a military base in the libyan capital , tripoli , officials say .
pepper , a humanoid robot and a robot , is to be created in japan 's capital , tokyo , for the first time .
women 's super league one side notts county ladies have been named in the netherlands squad for the women 's euro 2017 .
premier league leaders manchester city maintained their 100 % start to the premier league season with a comfortable victory over west brom .
the uk government has been accused of `` alarmist hypocrisy '' by the uk government for reducing greenhouse gas emissions .
manchester united midfielder victor valdes has signed a new five-year contract with the club .
the driver of the road between france and france has been accused of deliberately crashing a car in a crash in france .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a warehouse in birmingham .
it 's one of the most intriguing moments of this year 's ryder cup , which will be the first of its kind in the world .
all pictures are copyrighted .
supermarket chain tesco has reported a 23 % rise in like-for-like sales for the three months to the end of june .
the number of turtles washed up on a beach in wales has risen to its lowest level since records began in 1910 .
a former guantanamo bay detainee who was freed from guantanamo bay in guantanamo bay has been released from prison , his lawyer says .
belfast boxer adam donnelly has announced his retirement from boxing at the rio olympics .
the co-pilot of the germanwings plane that crashed last year has been found dead in a plane crash in the french alps .
a mother has been found guilty of misconduct after being found guilty of sexually abusing children in lancashire .
a plane had to be diverted to the uk after a plane crashed into a motorway .
the us federal reserve has kept its benchmark interest rate to rise by 0.5 % in the first three months of the year .
hacker at the international airport in norwich have been targeted by hackers as part of a security operation .
a legal challenge against the scottish government 's legal challenge to the scottish government has been challenged by the high court .
the welsh government has announced a # money m investment package for the welsh government .
the number of people suffering from mental health problems in england has risen by more than a third in the past five years , figures show .
one of the uk 's most famous imdb images has sold at auction for # hanson .
the line-up for this year 's glastonbury festival is to be held at this year 's glastonbury festival .
great britain 's marcus ellis and marcus ellis won olympic gold in the men 's doubles final at rio 2016 .
david haye says he is `` not a fine '' for tony bellew 's fight against tony bellew in the first round of the o2 ring .
it has been a year since wales ' champions league victory over france at euro 2016 .
zambia 's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 africa cup of nations were dashed as they were held to a goalless draw by zambia .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the greek government 's plan to stem the greek bailout .
iran 's president hassan rouhani has won the first round of parliamentary elections in iran .
the head of the bahrain grand prix says the race for the bahrain grand prix is `` unacceptable '' .
newcastle united have signed newcastle united midfielder daryl daryl on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
great britain 's ward ward missed out on a place in the last 16 of the scottish open with victory over scotland 's andy murray in glasgow .
a man has been jailed for three years for abusing his baby son to death with a fractured skull .
party leaders have clashed over the fate of labour and plaid cymru in the final of the general election .
a woman who went on the run after being jailed for trying to return to her death has been jailed for life .
a primary school in edinburgh has been closed due to a lack of safety .
cardiff devils head coach neil bowns says his side are capable of winning the championship play-offs .
the low-cost airline flybe has cancelled its flights to the uk for the first time in more than two years .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has defended the government 's plan to cut council tax bills .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a beach in the vale of glamorgan .
an unexploded world war two bomb has been found at a quarry in dorset .
two men have been found guilty of stealing more than # 1m worth of sheep .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a woman was raped in southampton .
budweiser brewer ab inbev has rejected a takeover offer from rival sabmiller .
members of the unite union in scotland have voted to strike in a dispute over pay .
the premier league has signed a new deal with the premier league , the premier league has announced .
the age of age is the most important part of our age , according to the institute for fiscal studies .
a man has been jailed for six years for killing a man who was found unconscious in his car .
hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- is being investigated by hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- , hm revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- has said .
a former doctor who has been suspended from the profession for more than a year has been given a suspended prison sentence .
white white band advocated white has died at the age of 86 , his family has announced .
a man has been jailed for five years after being caught with fake fake fake fake fraud .
green party leader natalie bennett has called for the green party to be `` half '' for the green party .
the uk 's first line line has been given the go-ahead for the first time in the uk .
pakistani police have arrested a christian couple in connection with the killing of a christian couple in the pakistani city of lahore .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he wants to win a second scottish assembly election .
accrington director of football chris coleman says the league two match between carlisle united and carlisle united will be `` fair '' .
thousands of people have taken part in a pride parade in belfast city centre .
a labour mp has called for an end to the refurbishment of london 's west end theatre .
gareth bale 's first game in charge of the champions league final has been held in cardiff .
barnsley midfielder wildsmith wildsmith has signed a new two-year contract with the championship club .
the bank of cyprus has agreed a deal with the bank of cyprus to save the country 's banks .
the number of passengers being arrested by uk airports has increased by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a bbc investigation .
i i is one of the most vulnerable women in sri lanka .
a police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been suspended for two years after being found guilty of misconduct .
a former mayor of london has been arrested on suspicion of electoral fraud .
england 's justin rose carded a one-under-par 65 to take a two-shot lead into the final round of the us open .
a scottish man has told a court how he was `` the best person in the world '' as he walked out of the edinburgh festival .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in a glasgow street .
one of mexico 's most popular humberto , humberto , has been sacked .
the us ambassador to the united nations has said she is `` deeply disappointed '' by the us ambassador to the united nations .
the chief constable of schools in south wales has written to the chief constable of schools in south wales .
a lorry driver has been jailed for using a mobile phone with a mobile phone .
the chief executive of parliament , sir kevin kevin , has been accused of breaching rules over a code of conduct in the house of commons .
police in the turkish capital , ankara , have approved a controversial new law that will allow the government to end the country 's security laws .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of syria-related terrorism offences .
construction work has begun on the site of a wooden bridge which was stolen from a bridge in lochaber .
the bodies of two men who died in a helicopter crash in gwynedd have been named by police .
a man has been rescued after getting into difficulties at a mcdonald 's home in hampshire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on wednesday , boosted by a rise in oil prices .
former england manager graham taylor has died at the age of 72 .
secondary school pupils in england will be able to take gcses in england 's secondary schools , the education secretary has said .
team sky boss sir dave brailsford says he is `` disappointed '' by team sky boss sir bradley wiggins ' use of therapeutic use exemptions .
a man who was convicted of terrorism offences has been found guilty of terrorism offences .
field leader field field field field field mp field field has launched a campaign for the uk to leave the european union .
hundreds of people have been displaced by a powerful earthquake in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh , officials say .
former england manager graham taylor has died at the age of 72 .
the indian state of uttar pradesh is one of the world 's most important and influential politicians .
a new exhibition has been set up to mark the 150th anniversary of the author 's birth .
shares in costa concordia cruise company costa concordia fell by more than 10 % in the first half of the year , according to the company .
nhs grampian has been told to improve the quality of care for older people in scotland .
harlequins ' hopes of qualifying for the european champions cup quarter-finals suffered a setback as they lost to stade francais in the european challenge cup .
the families of three children who died in a fire at a state-run nursery in the us state of pennsylvania have been ordered to pay compensation to the victims of the fire .
a street in manchester has been closed for the first time in more than a year .
netflix has announced that it is shutting down its new mobile phone service in china .
labour leader jeremy corbyn is to step down from his position as labour leader , the party has confirmed .
gloucester cathedral has announced it is to celebrate its first anniversary of the cathedral .
surrey police has been rated `` inadequate '' by police and crime commissioner for surrey , the force has said .
mae gan o gan yng nghymru wedi cael eu r ar ôl i ' r du yng nghymru .
a man has appeared in court accused of attempting to murder a police officer in a car park in london .
kenya 's electoral court has ruled that president uhuru kenyatta will be allowed to leave the presidential election .
ukip leader paul nuttall has said he is `` open '' to be the party 's new leader .
a fisherman has been rescued from the sea off the coast of south wales , the rnli has confirmed .
a police officer has been charged with eight counts of indecent assault .
the head of the uk 's top universities has called for an independent review of universities in england and wales .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his side 's 2-0 premier league defeat by chelsea was the result of his side 's 2-0 defeat at stamford bridge .
labour 's shadow home secretary diane thornberry has apologised for the `` alternative '' tweet made by labour mp ed miliband .
one of scotland 's largest shipyard , barry ferguson , has announced that it will close its factory at the end of the year .
thousands of jews have taken part in a ceremony in france to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of world war two .
the uk trader accused of contributing to the 2010 wall street `` flash crash '' has appeared in court in london .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that could be linked to a new gene therapy .
the number of adult social care services in england has risen by more than a third in the past year , according to a survey .
we 've been telling newsround to talk about the future of robots .
scientists say they have found a way to smell sand dunes around the world .
two people have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a car in flintshire .
the former president of the european commission , jose manuel barroso , has called on the european commission to leave the european union .
a photographer has won an award for his `` selfie '' photo of one of the uk 's most popular photographers .
tributes have been paid to a former glamorgan cricketer who died after being struck by a car .
a man has been found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after two children were hit by a car in leeds .
volkswagen says it will cut up to 1,000 new cars in the wake of the emissions scandal .
southampton midfielder virgil van dijk has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
johnston firm johnston johnston has reported a loss of # edinburgh-based m for the first half of the year .
the main rail line between london and birmingham has reopened after being closed for more than a year .
the mother of a man who was killed in the hillsborough disaster has told the inquests into the hillsborough disaster were `` a disaster '' .
two children have been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in dorset .
a judge in san francisco has found a cat guilty of animal cruelty after being found guilty of animal cruelty .
ireland women 's hockey team have won the women 's hockey world cup in semi-finals , canada .
formula 1 boss christian horner says he will not accept a new contract with the british grand prix .
northern ireland secretary theresa villiers has called for a ban on northern ireland 's flag protests .
republic of ireland skipper martin mcclean has been named in the republic of ireland squad for the world cup qualifier against austria .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on wednesday as investors weighed on the price of oil and oil prices .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gang of men broke into a house in county antrim .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found dead at a house in greater manchester .
nurses , nurses and nurses are being asked to give up a degree of nurses , nurses and nurses from the university of lancashire .
scotland 's rickie dufner shot a six-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead at the halfway stage of the scottish open .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the future of the sport .
a man has been jailed for stealing more than # 100,000 from her mother 's body in bedfordshire .
britain 's andy murray won a thrilling grand slam to win the british grand prix in a thrilling finish at the british grand prix .
the us ambassador to the united nations -lrb- pupils -rrb- has said it is `` bench '' that the uk 's `` special relationship '' with the us is `` bench '' .
plans for a new national trust in surrey have been approved by the national trust .
a video streaming video of iranian pop star bill rouhani has sparked anger in iran .
team sky have suspended a team of team sky in the race for the tour de france after being accused of racially abusing language .
a bus driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus in oxfordshire .
work has begun on a new # 8m building in dungannon , county londonderry .
the mayor of sao paulo 's capital , sao paulo , has said he will move to the city of sao paulo in sao paulo 's capital , sao paulo .
peru 's prime minister , ollanta humala , has announced he will step down as president of the country .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street closed lower on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average .
the trial of a prominent egyptian cleric who was detained in egypt for more than two years has been adjourned until the end of the year .
connacht moved to the top of the pro12 table with a hard-fought win over the ospreys in galway .
a new exhibition has been launched in brighton to mark the 800th anniversary of the brighton festival .
st helens maintained their unbeaten start to the super league season with a narrow win over st helens at headingley .
former london mayoral candidate zac goldsmith has been chosen to stand in the london mayoral election .
a german military officer has been killed in a collision with a car in norway , police say .
an inquest into the death of poppi worthington has been delayed by the inquest into the death of poppi worthington .
the head of the french football team , alexander shprygin , has been expelled from france after being arrested in france .
the bbc has seen a rise in the number of public spending in the uk , according to a new report .
the jury in the trial of prominent russian opposition politician alexei navalny has been found not guilty of corruption .
the leader of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- , jim murphy , has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future of the democratic unionist party .
the belfast men 's hockey team have been drawn in the women 's ice hockey world championship .
a 19th century stately home has been given grade ii listed status for the first time .
the dominican republic , the dominican republic and the dominican republic , have arrived in the dominican republic for the first time in more than two decades .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced it will cut 1,500 jobs in the next two years .
former fifa president gianni infantino has been sworn in as president of south sudan 's governing body fifa .
british number one johanna konta has been knocked out of the us open in the first round by american coco vandeweghe .
one of the uk 's most popular films , the lion king , is to be released by the uk 's new film director .
the discovery of the discovery of a dirt burial site in belfast has been uncovered in belfast .
a deal has been reached between the chinese government and the scottish government after a deal was agreed by the scottish government .
the number of people using opium poppy packaging in afghanistan has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , the bbc has learned .
hull city have signed hull city striker sam clucas for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
a man who helped save the lives of patients with terminal cancer has been given a life sentence .
scientists say they have found a way to `` journal '' the insects of the sun .
the welsh government is to be given the opportunity to become the next welsh secretary of state for wales .
the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- has issued a eaw eaw -lrb- $ system ; â # eaw -rrb- eu-wide for the first time .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the conflict in syria .
two men have been arrested after police seized herbal cannabis worth more than # 100,000 in dublin .
concerns have been raised about the future of a powys car park in powys .
swiss voters in switzerland have approved a proposal to allow the country to leave the european union .
league two side colchester united have signed striker kurtis guthrie from league two side colchester united for an undisclosed fee .
hong kong 's new leader , cy leung , has won the hong kong rally in hong kong .
catalans dragons comfortably beat catalans dragons to move up to third in super league .
three men have been charged in connection with an alleged hate crime in the us state of chicago .
britain 's lizzie armitstead won stage four of the tour de france as lizzie armitstead won the women 's tour de france .
the number of plastic bags in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
a man has been charged with two counts of rape and sexual assault .
worcester secured their first premiership win of the season with a bonus-point win over worcester warriors at sixways .
us federal reserve chair janet yellen has said the country 's main share index will be split in the wake of the country 's vote to leave the eu .
it 's almost time for hollywood , but it is also the most expensive film in the world .
a woman accused of raping a woman at a hotel in bristol has been found not guilty of indecent assault .
a man who was killed in a scooter crash in dorset has been jailed for two years .
construction work has started on a # 1bn redevelopment of dundee city centre .
a letter written by john lennon has sold at auction for $ towel -lrb- # me -rrb- .
a burglar who stole jewellery worth # 1m from her husband 's wedding has described her as a `` nightmare '' .
a railway line between devon and cornwall has been restored for the first time in more than a year .
a member of the welsh language firm , phil roberts , has told the bbc he will not be able to deal with the firm 's failure to deal with the firm 's future .
the church of st george 's church in st george has donated # 1m to repair a church in st george 's church .
a high court judge has called for a legal challenge to the high court ruling that parents should be fined for taking term-time holidays .
david cameron 's announcement that the prime minister 's tax arrangements were taxed has been criticised by prime minister david cameron .
hundreds of people have taken part in a series of events in hull to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle of hastings .
the impact of the bacterium that causes honey bees has been explained by researchers at the university of edinburgh .
a man who claimed he was banned from a pub in a pub has been banned from entering a pub .
the former police and crime commissioner for cornwall , stuart hogg , has announced he is stepping down .
a code of code in the code of conduct in scotland has been launched by the scottish government .
a malaysia airlines plane has crashed in myanmar , killing at least two people , officials say .
thousands of people have been left without power in northern sweden after heavy rain caused severe weather conditions .
the hillsborough disaster between liverpool and liverpool was abandoned for the first time since the hillsborough disaster .
lord lord has said he has no regrets about assisted dying in the house of lords .
a former chief executive of bristol city council has resigned .
the line-up for this year 's brit games will be held at london 's o2 arena , it has been announced .
a herd of sheep and sheep has been stolen from a house in dumfries and galloway .
a man has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a man in oxford .
the killing of a canadian student in the province of quebec has sparked a debate in the canadian province of quebec .
more than 200 nigerian children have been detained in the north-eastern nigerian city of maiduguri , the un has said .
the president of the european commission has said he is `` not committed '' to the european union if the uk votes to leave the european union .
mansfield town manager damian green has said he `` regrets '' the mansfield town 's decision to leave mansfield town .
the number of motorcyclists killed in road accidents in london has increased by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a report .
a football fan has been banned from the confederation league for the first time after being attacked by a group of youths during a match .
boreham wood have signed striker lucas lucas on loan from bristol rovers until the end of the season .
thousands of thai protesters have rallied in the burmese capital , bangkok , to demand the resignation of prime minister yingluck shinawatra .
more than a quarter of scams in the uk 's pension industry are being targeted by fraudsters , according to a new report .
rangers have signed striker craig gordon from premier league rivals leicester city on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
as donald trump prepares to be the next president of the united states , the bbc 's donald trump looks back at the moment .
it 's been a turbulent year for us-based cleric fethullah gulen .
all images are copyrighted .
a hedgehog enthusiast has been named as the new national trust trust -lrb- advert -rrb- trust .
kent 's sam northeast hit a career-best century to put essex on the brink of day two against kent at canterbury .
the number of vacancies for nurses in scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past year , figures show .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after two armed robbers broke into a london shop .
an inquest into the death of a man who died after a gas explosion in north yorkshire has been described as an `` explosion '' .
a huge fire has broken out in the chilean town of chile , which has been devastated by wildfires .
british number one johanna konta says she is `` proud '' to be the first british woman to reach the wimbledon .
dick advocaat has resigned as sunderland manager until the end of the season .
at least 11 people have been evacuated from a volcano in the guatemalan capital , guatemala , officials say .
the green party has announced plans to create a scheme wind farm in the uk .
a man has been jailed for two years after he admitted killing a three-year-old boy in aberdeen .
britain 's jamie ward says he is `` really happy '' after being knocked out of wimbledon in the first round of the australian open .
a scottish food company has reported a pre-tax profit of # both for the first half of 2016 .
a new school in surrey has been given the go-ahead by the county council .
the national asset management agency -lrb- nca -rrb- is to investigate the sale of nama 's national asset management agency -lrb- nca -rrb- .
the first minister has called on the uk government to take action on northern ireland 's border between northern ireland and the republic .
a man in the us state of colorado has died at the age of 90 .
when christopher superted was born at the age of 90 , the bbc 's atlantic atlantic looks back at the top of the tv series .
prince harry and prince harry have been released by the prince of wales for the first time in more than a decade .
russian president vladimir putin and russia 's former president vladimir putin , russian president vladimir putin , has announced he is leaving the country .
a man has been arrested in london on suspicion of terrorism offences .
a japanese tourist has been born in japan for the first time in decades .
afghanistan and afghanistan have signed a deal aimed at ending the conflict in afghanistan and afghanistan .
romelu lukaku scored a hat-trick as everton came from behind to beat west brom at goodison park .
new zealand prime minister john key has announced he will step down at the end of the year .
a pilot has been flown back to the skies after being grounded by a drone in north yorkshire .
a woman from staffordshire has become the youngest person in the world to celebrate the world 's best harry .
the number of criminal crimes in the uk has fallen sharply in the past year , according to a new study .
raith rovers extended their lead at the top of league two to five points with a comfortable win at raith rovers .
antonio conte 's reign as chelsea manager ended in defeat as chelsea came from behind to beat chelsea in the premier league .
the islamist militant group islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has announced it is ending operations in the capital , sanaa .
a judge in brazil has ruled that the construction of a controversial hydro-electric project in the northern city of china has been halted .
the number of people in the uk leaving the uk has fallen to its lowest level since june , according to official figures .
the family of a man who died in a blaze at her home in canadian , canada , have said they are `` devastated '' by the blaze .
ben flower , ben flower and ben flower have been named in the british and irish lions squad for the first time .
new england women 's cricket captain killen killen has told bbc radio 4 's women 's match at st james 's park in county down was a `` new generation '' .
super league leaders castleford tigers came from behind to beat super league leaders castleford tigers .
hundreds of people have been warned to take part in a `` major '' flood attack in northumberland .
two-time world champion helen glover says she is `` very excited '' after being left out of great britain 's women 's team for the world championships .
plans have been submitted for a # 100m redevelopment of a former school in pembrokeshire .
the metropolitan police has launched a review of the government 's handling of the westminster attack on the palace of westminster .
greenock morton moved up to second in the scottish championship with a comfortable win over montrose .
romania 's seeds romania won olympic gold in the women 's russian kg weightlifting at the rio olympics .
the scottish government has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the future of the a9 in the highlands and islands .
a convicted drug dealer who was arrested on suspicion of drugs offences has been released without charge .
the nigeria football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- has appointed former nigeria coach stephen keshi as their new coach .
a russian concert has been held in moscow to mark the 70th anniversary of the conflict in syria .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has called on the us to be wary of the global economy .
one of london 's most famous cities is to close its doors for the first time in more than 50 years .
the russian military says it has found no evidence that a russian plane was killed in a plane crash in syria .
rugby league side widnes vikings have said they are `` disappointed '' by the death of head coach mathers mathers .
plans for a new welsh-medium secondary school in pembrokeshire have been approved by councillors .
a man has been arrested in connection with the fatal stabbing of a police officer in the west midlands .
blackberry has reported a loss of $ quarter -lrb- # cautiously -rrb- for the first three months of the year .
scotland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has called for a public inquiry into the armed forces in scotland .
a council has defended the use of a new powers scheme in essex after it was accused of `` inappropriate behaviour '' .
scotland 's women 's 4x400m team have qualified for this year 's world athletics championships in glasgow .
dairy , milk , milk , milk , milk , milk , milk ?
one of the uk 's biggest tourist attractions has been cancelled because of a lack of complaints .
us republican presidential candidate ted cruz has said he is `` disappointed '' by the party 's presidential candidate donald trump .
the family of murdered toddler liam smith have said they are `` devastated '' by the death of liam fee .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of the west bank .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenage boy was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .
the ukrainian government says it has carried out a huge cyber attack on the eastern ukrainian state of luhansk .
the mother of a teenager who died after being infected with sepsis has called for a review of the way the nhs is funded .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have marked the 100th anniversary of the battle of waterloo .
more than 200 nigerian soldiers have been killed by islamist militants in the north-eastern nigerian city of maiduguri , officials say .
the prime minister has called for an investigation into the grenfell tower fire in the wake of the grenfell tower fire .
a new # 1 coin will be introduced in the royal mint next year , the royal mint has announced .
real madrid 's title hopes suffered a major blow as they were beaten by spanish giants real madrid at the bernabeu .
a gwynedd police officer has been sacked for posting messages on facebook .
the uk government has been accused of failing to properly investigate the death of a british man in the republic of ireland .
greek prime minister antonis samaras has said the country 's economic crisis will have a negative impact on the country 's economic crisis .
stoke city midfielder adam johnson has signed a new three-year contract with the premier league club .
a man accused of causing the death of a man at a glasgow newspaper has told a court he was the victim of the attack .
glasgow warriors have signed glasgow warriors lock jonny gray on a two-year contract .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in north london .
a woman was killed when she was hit by a car in norfolk , police have said .
women 's super league one club notts county ladies have signed former liverpool and england under-20 international mandy mandy .
crossmaglen rangers came from two goals down to beat kilcoo 0-12 in the ulster sfc final at clones .
a collection of art worth more than # 100,000 has been donated to a county durham museum .
south sudan 's president salva kiir has appointed his deputy counterpart salva kiir to step down .
it 's been a turbulent year for the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- in belfast .
the fbi 's chief james comey has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the way it handles security laws .
national league side forest green rovers have signed forest green rovers midfielder scott kirby and forest green rovers forward mark duggan .
britain 's dan evans retained his wbo world bantamweight title with a unanimous points victory over ormond ormond .
a man has been jailed for three years after being found guilty of tax evasion .
a man from sierra leone who has been arriving in west africa for ebola has told the bbc he is not afraid of the dangers of ebola .
the welsh government has launched a multi-million pound contract with the welsh government .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found at a flat in glasgow .
the scale of the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group is a `` major step forward '' , according to a new report .
a pub in north yorkshire has won a campaign to become the first north yorkshire pub to receive a community award .
us secretary of state john kerry has urged north korea to pull out of the north korean sea , amid tensions over pyongyang 's nuclear programme .
china is one of the world 's most powerful economies .
the bank of england 's chief economist , george osborne , has announced that the government will raise billions of dollars in the uk 's financial markets .
ross county have signed former poland midfielder lithuania sernas on a two-year contract .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has called for an end to power cuts in the capital , caracas .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in aberdeenshire .
pop star jazz richards has said it would be `` a dream '' for the band 's return to the tour of london .
the number of children in the uk in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to a new study .
when indian prime minister narendra modi announced that indian prime minister narendra modi would be a `` giant '' moment .
manu tuilagi has been named in the england squad for the six nations match against england at twickenham on saturday .
airbus has announced that it is to use unmanned aircraft to control aircraft .
a man has been arrested in connection with an alleged sexual assault at heathrow airport , the bbc understands .
former x factor contestant cheryl spencer has been crowned sports personality of the year .
wales head coach warren gatland says he was `` gutted '' by his side 's six nations defeat by south africa at twickenham on saturday .
clermont auvergne winger nick abendanon says he has no regrets about playing for england in the european champions cup .
partick thistle came from behind to claim a point against partick thistle in the scottish premiership .
scientists say they have found a way to stem the number of patients born in the heart of a kidney transplant .
hearts head coach ian cathro says he wants to sign a new contract with the club .
great britain 's adam swift won the manchester arena for the second time in four years with a stunning display at manchester arena .
junior doctors in england are being asked to take part in a series of strikes on patient care in england and wales .
the new head of labour 's new deputy leader has told the bbc he is `` a little bit of a job '' .
head coach gregor townsend is relishing the prospect of being selected for scotland 's two-test tour of new zealand this summer .
the first game of the game of grand theft auto has been released by the national tennis league -lrb- gta -rrb- .
a cross-party group of mps has called for an independent inquiry into the uk 's membership of the eu .
allegations of historical child sexual abuse in north wales are being investigated by the national crime agency .
a bus in essex has been left shaken after his bus was hit by a bus in essex .
the chief constable of the irish police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said there is no plans to recruit new recruits .
a cat from ipswich has become the first person in the world to be reunited with a stolen cat stolen from his home .
the head teacher of a birmingham school has been rated `` outstanding '' by the department for education .
cardiff city have signed cardiff city midfielder neil warnock on loan until the end of the season .
derby county have signed defender tom barker from burton albion for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has rejected a request by the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- against the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
the mother of a 16-year-old girl who was raped at a school in scotland has said she is `` shocked '' by her story .
two people have been treated in hospital after a fire at a block of flats in edinburgh .
the us military says it has found a chemical attack on a syrian military base in syria that killed 11 people .
one of the uk 's most important trees , the europe-wide , has been named the uk 's favourite trees of the year .
a venezuelan journalist who was arrested in venezuela on charges of corruption has been arrested in venezuela .
up to 200 jobs could be at risk at a factory in powys , the company has said .
microsoft has announced a new version of the popular version of the xbox one games .
germany 's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the women 's champions league suffered a setback as they were held to a 1-1 draw by germany .
tom ince scored his first goal for ipswich as they came from behind to beat ipswich at portman road .
texas police are investigating the death of a texas woman who was arrested on suspicion of killing a black woman in texas .
british ryder cup captain love love has been named as captain of the united states ryder cup team .
children with type 1 diabetes are more likely to be diagnosed with a type of diabetes , according to a new study .
a massive sinkhole has opened up in the italian capital , bangkok .
hungary is one of hungary 's most important countries .
two men who tried to smuggle a large quantity of weapons into the uk have been jailed .
a convicted drug trafficker has been freed from prison in peru after being convicted of drug smuggling .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has said the country is `` very concerned '' about the country 's boko haram islamist insurgency .
chelsea captain john terry has been banned for two games and fined # 40,000 for biting chelsea defender john terry .
a us judge has ordered us president donald trump to be barred from entering the us state of san francisco .
the uk 's first smart phone launch service is being launched in london .
torquay united head coach kevin nicholson says the national league 's bottom club would be a `` disaster '' in the national league .
welsh fighter brett johns says she wants to compete at the 2016 olympic games in tokyo .
newport 's new shopping centre in newport has been given the go-ahead by the city council .
the us space agency 's new horizons probe has begun its latest probe into pluto .
england 's justin rose carded a five-under-par 67 to move into the final round of the us pga championship at quail hollow .
two us police officers have been arrested in washington on suspicion of attempting to smuggle a drugs into the us , officials say .
india 's economy grew by 0.3 % in the first three months of the year , official figures have shown .
a man has been arrested in connection with a racist attack on a chelsea fan .
ipswich town boss phil taylor says he has no regrets about his future at the end of the season .
cities in the uk are likely to have a negative impact on brexit , according to a new study .
hundreds of people have been displaced by the devastating earthquake in nepal 's capital , kathmandu , the government says .
residents of a seaside town in east yorkshire have said they are `` devastated '' by the collapse of the east sussex village .
a man and a woman have been arrested in connection with the discovery of a cannabis farm in county londonderry .
england reached the final of the world twenty20 by beating sri lanka by six wickets in the final of the world twenty20 .
nigeria 's president goodluck jonathan has cancelled a meeting with nigeria 's president goodluck jonathan to discuss the return of the victims of the boko haram islamist insurgency .
a man who stabbed a shopkeeper to death in a glasgow mosque has been jailed for life .
bees are being used to help bees cope with the `` bee '' of honey bees .
leeds rhinos ended a run of three straight super league defeats as they beat leeds rhinos at the halliwell jones stadium .
one of the world 's rarest tiny - the tiny tiny - has opened to the public .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a bomb attack in the city of canada , police have said .
mexican president enrique pena nieto has pulled out of a visit to mexican president enrique pena nieto .
all the match reports from the weekend 's premier league and championship games .
a letter written by former world war one champion john lewis has been sold at auction for # ellis .
the queen has said she was `` shocked '' by the queen 's official visit to the chinese state of buckingham palace .
a report into the shoreham air crash that killed 11 people in sussex has called for a review into the safety of the jet .
a lottery ticket in denbighshire has been given the go-ahead by the national lottery fund .
welsh conservative leader andrew rt davies has called for a referendum on the future of the welsh assembly .
real madrid footballer karim benzema has appeared in court in france for alleged involvement in a blackmail plot .
a woman who was stabbed to death at her home has paid tribute to her `` beautiful friend '' .
japan has overtaken asia as the world 's most expensive pacific , according to the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the future of the sparkling .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers says he has `` no plans '' to sign a new contract with the club .
undercover police officers are to be examined by the home secretary to review the case of undercover undercover police officers .
lewis hamilton said he was `` shocked '' after being involved in a collision with lewis hamilton in the belgian grand prix .
kyle coetzer says scotland will be `` a big part of the world '' as they prepare for a double-header at the icc world twenty20 .
guiseley kept their national league play-off hopes alive with a 2-1 win at home to relegation-threatened guiseley .
the education secretary john swinney has said the scottish government is to be able to provide more children in scotland .
league two side plymouth argyle have signed defender pedro pedro from dutch side pedro pedro for an undisclosed fee .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's main share index closed lower , with shares in airlines and the ftse 100 index closing .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was killed in a road accident in county durham .
former fifa president amos adamu has been suspended from football after being found guilty of match-fixing .
activity in the uk 's manufacturing sector fell to a new low in march , according to a closely watched survey .
a group of newcastle university fans have taken part in a competition to celebrate the achievements of the river tyne .
the family of stella hopkins have said they are `` deeply disappointed '' by the family of a muslim woman who went viral on social media .
us president donald trump has announced plans to ban a ban on the number of syrian refugees .
a church of england vicar has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the church of england 's gay community .
tammy abraham scored the only goal of the game as bristol city came from behind to beat championship strugglers blackburn rovers .
the chief minister of the russian state of alexander , alexander alexander , has been arrested on suspicion of corruption , officials say .
burton albion moved up to third in the championship with a narrow victory at burton albion .
the price of quantitative easing has risen for the first time in more than two years , according to the us federal reserve .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of making a series of telephone fraud at a shop in the uk .
leicester city have signed algeria forward riyad havre on a season-long loan deal .
tributes have been paid to a mother and her daughter who died in the manchester arena attack .
team gb 's women 's team can be a `` female player '' , according to former british and irish lions scrum-half jamie cox .
a company has been found guilty of causing death by dangerous driving after a worker died in a chemical tank .
manchester city missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a goalless draw by manchester city .
britain 's chris froome won stage four of the criterium du dauphine as france 's chris froome retained the overall lead .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
the demolition of a derelict building in londonderry is to be demolished , the environment minister has said .
a man has been jailed for life after being convicted of murdering his six-year-old daughter .
the family of a woman who has been missing for more than two years have said they are `` devastated '' by her death .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the key schools in northern nigeria .
leeds united midfielder andrew andrew has been banned for two games after being found guilty of assault .
scientists say they have found a new way to tackle the spread of parkinson 's disease .
the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- is investigating allegations of state-sponsored doping .
las vegas is one of the greatest sporting sporting events in history .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a couple who was attacked by a gang of men in kent .
the number of new homes in wales has reached a new high , according to new research .
a man has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a fire at a house in north belfast .
police in the us state of oklahoma have arrested a man who tried to stop a police helicopter in the city .
the supreme court has rejected a decision by the supreme court to overturn a decision not to publish the naming of a man who has had sex with a girl .
james anderson and james anderson helped lancashire to a four-wicket win over lancashire at old trafford .
police have issued a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in dundee .
dublin 's dublin state council has agreed to pay a pay package for drivers in the republic of ireland in a dispute over pay .
manchester city striker nicky morgan has signed a new five-year deal with the women 's super league one club .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in greater manchester .
bolivian president evo morales has said he will step down as president of the country 's presidential election .
google has announced that it will launch a new version of the international space station -lrb- esa -rrb- .
a teaching teacher has been banned from teaching for life after being found guilty of misconduct .
spectrum spectrum is one of the most expensive street goods in the world .
-lrb- close -rrb- : south africa 's biggest share index , south africa 's biggest share maker , has reported a sharp rise in quarterly profits .
doncaster rovers head coach neil doncaster says the club 's promotion to the premier league will be a success in the championship .
southampton have confirmed ronald koeman as their new manager .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in dundee .
mae ' r heddlu sy 'n ymchwilio i ' r ysbyty mewn yw ar ôl i ' r yw teithio yng nghaerdydd .
a dog owner who called for dog owners to be banned from owning dogs has been banned from owning dogs .
a hoard of gold coins found in a field in county armagh has been uncovered by archaeologists .
manchester united manager bruno alves says he has no regrets about signing a new contract with rangers .
benedict cumberbatch has defended benedict cumberbatch 's comments about the use of black , gay , bisexual and transgender -lrb- lgbt -rrb- actors .
northern ireland 's rory mcilroy is three shots off the lead after the first round of the australia championship in kuala lumpur .
scotland forward alan forsyth says the competition for the women 's hockey world league has been a success .
fifa president sepp blatter has accused the swiss authorities of `` us '' allegations of corruption in world football .
when nicky nicky was diagnosed with learning disabilities , she had no idea that her son was a child .
the crew of a fishing boat which sank off the coast of western isles have been given the go-ahead by the maritime accident authority .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a presidential election in the democratic republic of congo 's presidential election .
alex danson hailed great britain 's progress as they beat new zealand to reach the women 's champions league final .
ross murdoch has signed a new two-year contract with dundee united .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman who was stabbed to death in canada .
the head of afghanistan 's security forces , gen manuel neuer , has resigned .
a man has been killed in a collision with a car in south yorkshire .
a man has been jailed for three years for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car .
the football association of wales -lrb- faw -rrb- has confirmed it will not be allowed to wear poppies in the world cup qualifier against england .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has accused plaid cymru of being `` arrogant '' over the general election .
togo have appointed former nigeria striker emmanuel machar as their new coach .
england women made a winning start to their women 's world twenty20 final with a seven-wicket win over australia in sydney .
a three-year-old boy has been charged with attempted murder after a three-year-old boy was killed by a group of youths in the southern state of assam .
work has begun on a new wind farm in the field of a north sea platform .
golden state warriors were beaten 7-0 by golden state warriors in the nba finals final .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was shot in the head with a baseball bat .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in birmingham .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the reasons for the first time .
a vigil has been held in london to remember the victims of the westminster terror attack .
a primary school head teacher has been suspended after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
former manchester united midfielder 57-year-old 57-year-old has been appointed as the new manager of the scottish league one club .
the number of women being diagnosed with breast cancer is at its highest level since records began , according to a new report .
west indies reached the semi-finals of the world twenty20 with a indies victory over west indies in mumbai .
glamorgan head coach mott mott says the club must improve their performance in the county championship .
swedish purve-jorendal 's mother , swedish purve-jorendal , was born at her home in the indian capital , delhi .
northern ireland 's health minister has announced a # 1bn funding package for northern ireland 's health budget .
the head teacher of a northern ireland school has been appointed as the new head of the international teaching panel -lrb- investigation -rrb- .
scientists say they have developed a new method of skin cancer .
mae ofcom o r wedi cael eu llynedd ar ôl i yr ddydd llynedd newydd i ymgeisydd newydd i ' r oedd .
junior doctors in england are to be balloted on industrial action in a dispute over pay .
a woman who died after she was struck by a car in monmouthshire has been found not guilty of causing death by dangerous driving .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
great britain 's lois toulson won a bronze medal at the 17-year-old world championships in budapest , hungary .
a cat has died after being poisoned in a suspected arson attack , the rspca has said .
plans for a # 1bn transformation of cardiff city centre have been unveiled by cardiff council .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has been criticised for comments he made about philippine president rodrigo duterte .
the open university of st andrews has launched a bursary scheme designed to help students cope with students .
the manx government has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of the isle of man 's nuclear plant .
a mental health trust has been rated `` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones closing higher .
mae heddlu ' r gogledd sy 'n ymchwilio i ' r adeg mewn adeg yn adeg ddydd sadwrn .
jemima sumgong and jemima sumgong won olympic gold in the women 's marathon at the london marathon in london .
derby county midfielder gary keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club .
the parents of a 47-year-old woman who died in mauritius in mauritius have said they are `` devastated '' by her death .
the result of the scottish independence referendum was a `` conservative '' , according to former scottish secretary alistair darling .
scientists say they have found the first evidence that the indian ocean is at the heart of the indian ocean .
st johnstone came from behind to beat st johnstone and move up to fourth in the premiership .
one of australia 's most famous harris , harris harris , is to be honoured by the australian government .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has successfully completed its first mission to comet 67p .
russia 's foreign office says it is investigating a crackdown on foreign non-governmental organisations in the capital , moscow .
northern ireland 's first minister arlene foster has announced plans for a new body body in northern ireland .
iraqi forces have launched an operation to retake the city of mosul from so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , the city 's military says .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in bath .
a baby elephant has been born at chester zoo in the republic of ireland .
when diego simeone became atletico madrid 's first match in charge of atletico madrid in sunday 's final game of the season was a remarkable moment for atletico madrid .
telecoms regulator ofcom has approved a proposed merger of 4g , the european commission has announced .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences , police have said .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has announced she will not stand in the scottish labour leadership contest .
a man from rhondda cynon taff has been nominated for the 2016 bbc young sports personality of the year award .
scotland 's hannah miley and hannah miley have been named in the great britain team for the rio olympics .
manchester city striker dejan lovren has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
two men have been jailed for illegally dumping waste into the river mersey in birmingham .
prince harry has said the prince of wales is `` the most important thing '' of his life .
the mother of a woman who died after being hit by a lorry has said she is `` devastated '' by the support of her victims .
a hospital has been ordered to pay # 1m after a hospital worker was left with `` life-changing '' injuries .
actress keira knightley is to star in a new stage adaptation of the new star wars film .
the mayor of the city of baltimore has called for the sacking of the city 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
us democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton has called for a `` national convention '' in the us presidential election .
great britain 's men moved into the semi-finals of the world rugby sevens championship with a hard-fought win over japan .
a woman who won a # 1m jackpot at a supermarket in the us state of vermont has been reunited with her family .
northern ireland 's health minister has called for a review of the rules on the use of water in northern ireland .
the us box office has topped the us box office for the first time , beating the united states for $ came m -lrb- # horror m -rrb- .
manchester city have completed the signing of manchester city striker mario balotelli for an undisclosed fee .
a lincolnshire church 's christmas lights switch-on has been put up for sale .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first mission to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
sentencing guidelines for sexual offences in england and wales have been published by the county council .
swansea city 's first premier league win of the season has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
former greek goalkeeper karagounis karagounis has announced his retirement from international football .
scientists say they have developed a new type of material that could be used to create a new type of protein .
ben carson , the former us secretary of state for the republican presidential nomination , has told the bbc he was a `` high '' and `` cnn '' .
a clergyman who claimed he was sexually abused by a church of england vicar has written to the bishop of york to investigate allegations of sexual abuse .
in the wake of the eu 's withdrawal from the eu , the bbc 's thomas fessy looks at the impact of the eu 's migration crisis .
at least 13 people have been killed in clashes between so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the iraqi city of tikrit , reports say .
a 24-hour strike by southern rail conductors has been cancelled , the rmt union has said .
a council has been suspended over allegations of indecent images of children .
nicola sturgeon has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the migrant crisis at a summit in edinburgh .
the gunman who killed nine people in a shooting at a school in newtown , connecticut , has been killed .
aberdeen have been promoted to the scottish premiership for the first time .
it 's been a year since theresa may announced that she will not attend the general election .
commonwealth games champion neil taylor says he is `` desperate '' to fight for a place in saturday 's commonwealth games in glasgow .
austrian police have arrested a man suspected of being adolf hitler 's birthplace in the austrian town of hitler .
a piano has been made to mark the 175th anniversary of the queen 's 90th birthday .
photographs by ancient ancient .
a former police officer has been cleared of child sex offences .
engineering firm dyson has announced plans to open a major expansion in north lanarkshire .
as prime minister : prime minister benjamin netanyahu was sworn in as prime minister .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was killed in a crash in north london .
the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has said it will not be the first in the us to call for a polling station in the us .
cyber attacks on the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- have been hacked , according to data obtained by the bbc .
security forces in egypt have raided the offices of one of the country 's largest security organisations , officials say .
a strike by teaching assistants in northern ireland is to go on strike in a dispute over pay .
the drilling rig transocean winner in the western isles has been given the go-ahead by the scottish government .
ireland coach joe schmidt hailed his side 's `` incredible '' display as they beat ireland in their six nations opener in dublin .
derby county have signed teenage striker win 18-year-old on loan from huddersfield town until the end of the season .
`` i do n't want to be a rugby player , '' says castleford tigers legend sir ian noble .
work has begun on a new railway station in north yorkshire .
there has been a slight rise in the proportion of gcse results in wales in the first results of results .
boris johnson 's announcement that the prime minister 's decision to leave the eu would be a `` serious shock '' , the prime minister has said .
gambian president yahya jammeh has said he will step down as president of the gambia .
it is a sheep , a sheep , a sheep , a sheep , a sheep and a sheep .
star wars : the force awakens has been named best film at the golden globe awards .
turkish defender chedjou chedjou has joined turkish side galatasaray for an undisclosed fee .
a former labour mp has called for an end to the uk 's future if the uk votes to leave the european union .
a body has been found in the search for a man who went missing on the isle of wight .
scientists say they have found a `` significant '' breakthrough in the fight against cancer in the us .
northampton saints fly-half ben foden will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
league one side mk dons have signed brighton midfielder callum robinson on loan until the end of the season .
nottingham forest and nottingham forest played out a goalless draw at nottingham forest .
fifa president sepp blatter has defended his decision to ban sepp blatter as fifa president .
thousands of people have been left without water after a burst water main burst on the thames water station .
a man has died after he was hit by a car in south london .
more than 100 people have been arrested in wales for the first time since the death of a woman in wales .
iran 's military forces have launched a major offensive against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria , a military official has told the bbc .
police are investigating after police opened fire on a crowd of fans in leicester city centre .
a dog has been fitted with a dog in a bid to save the life of a woman who was stranded on a plane in cyprus .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp said he was `` embarrassed '' by the pressure of liverpool manager jurgen klopp over his side 's 2-0 premier league win at liverpool .
it 's a tale of austen , zombies , now , zombies and arts .
the uk 's new breast implants system is to be trialled in the uk , the government has announced .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south-east london .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a robbery at a tesco supermarket .
dozens of people have been killed in a car crash in the southern indian city of truck , officials say .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall are marking the centenary of the battle of world war one .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
a man jailed for killing a norfolk teenager in a `` brutal and brutal '' murder has been jailed for life .
rory mcilroy 's hopes of a first ryder cup of nations win over the united states have been called off for the first time in a row .
a man has pleaded guilty to assaulting a police officer and attempting to kill a police officer .
the european commission has approved the go-ahead for a new nuclear power station at hinkley point in somerset .
dagenham & redbridge 's play-off hopes were dealt a major blow as they were beaten by dagenham & redbridge .
portugal are on course for a place in the africa cup of nations in gabon after they were held to a draw by ghana .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan is to be allowed to wear a hijab in the capital , ankara .
a woman has been rescued after being trapped in the chair of a house in greater manchester .
a nine-year-old boy who was left with severe burns after being bitten by a crawling has spoken of his shock at the death of his mother .
scotland women 's manager jayne evans says it would be a `` huge '' place to qualify for the euro 2016 finals .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in county tyrone .
a man has died after getting into difficulties in a lake in hertfordshire .
david beckham 's bid to build a new mls soccer team has been welcomed by the league soccer club .
a new # 1m college in flintshire has been officially opened to the public .
celtic striker moussa dembele could miss the champions league group stage with a thigh injury .
scientists say they have found a better way to tackle childhood obesity in the developing world .
the duchess of edinburgh has visited a school in edinburgh as part of a visit to edinburgh .
a man has been arrested after a robbery at a church in east belfast .
the family of a british man who was killed in a bomb attack in brussels have said they are `` desperate to be alive '' .
the prime minister has said it is `` very concerned '' about the collapse of a former coal mine in neath port talbot .
work has begun on a new flood protection scheme in the borders .
this week 's bbc music festival will be held in liverpool this weekend .
bayern munich extended their lead at the top of the bundesliga to five points after coming from behind to beat ingolstadt in the bundesliga .
actor maxine peake is to star in a new play at this year 's royal television society -lrb- rsc -rrb- .
police in eastern ukraine have seized more than 500 buildings in the eastern city of luhansk , officials say .
former peterborough united midfielder ben turner has died at the age of 83 .
south africa came from behind to beat south africa in their first game of the rugby world cup .
english football league clubs have backed plans for a proposed shake-up of the football league .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a prisoner at a north lanarkshire prison .
polish prime minister lech kaczynski has resigned after a court ruled that the country was involved in a plane crash in 2006 .
celtic manager brendan rodgers says he is relishing the prospect of playing celtic 's scottish cup semi-final against celtic on saturday .
american apparel boss charney charney has been ordered to pay $ funds -lrb- â # charney -rrb- to the company , the company has said .
sir nicholas serota is the new artistic director of the arts museum .
the number of recorded crimes in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to new figures .
los angeles police have arrested a number of schools in the us state of los angeles , amid concerns over the threat of threats .
the us has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the prospect of a cessation of hostilities in the syrian city of aleppo .
tens of thousands of people have signed a petition calling for a boycott of the yulin festival in the chinese capital , beijing .
former scunthorpe united midfielder paul bishop has signed a one-year contract extension with the league one club .
a care home in east kilbride has been closed because of concerns over safety and safety concerns .
water has been restored to the water in the republic of ireland after a water pipe burst into the water .
a former police officer has been sacked for gross misconduct after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at what causes cancer in the uk .
exeter chiefs director of rugby rob baxter says he is `` very concerned '' about the future of concussion .
the number of events in dumfries and galloway has fallen by more than a third in the past year , according to a report .
a russian navy submarine has been caught on camera off the coast of the western mediterranean , russian military officials say .
millions of people have been displaced by the earthquake in nepal , according to a new report .
the us senate has approved a new healthcare law aimed at cutting healthcare for healthcare and healthcare .
england captain alastair cook says his side have a `` big chance '' of winning the second test against australia in sydney on saturday .
west brom are close to signing midfielder jonny evans from west brom for an undisclosed fee .
mae ' r lord dafydd wedi ei lord i ' w lord , taf wedi ei wahardd i ' w wedi ei hun .
general motors has announced it will invest $ 5bn -lrb- # firm -rrb- in india for the first time in a deal worth $ 120m -lrb- # firm -rrb- .
ireland 's levy levy has been knocked out of the bmw open in the first round of the italian open .
sinn féin 's gerry adams has denied the provisional ira murders of sinn féin leader gerry adams and his lawyer , sinn féin .
a body has been found in the search for a missing man from cornwall .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was struck by a car in west sussex .
the scottish government is to fund a # 20m fund to help fund the future of the oil and gas industry .
leigh griffiths has been named as the new manager of scottish premiership side celtic .
mexican drug lord joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman has been arrested in mexico , the mexican attorney general says .
thousands of protesters have taken part in a rally in chicago to protest against president donald trump at a rally in chicago .
a court in japan has ordered the closure of a nuclear power station in japan .
the number of women working in the uk has increased by more than a third in the past three years , according to the government .
the government of south africa has announced plans to cut the minimum wage for the first time .
a murder inquiry has been launched after the body of a man was shot in the head by a bullet wound to death .
midfielder aaron mcgovern has signed a new five-year contract with nottingham forest .
russell brand 's twitter account has been mocked by twitter users after tweeting a picture of him .
the italian city of venice is celebrating the 10th anniversary of the city 's bridge gesture .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in aberdeenshire .
hundreds of thousands of homes have been left without power after an electricity substation collapsed in lancashire .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has been fined $ firms -lrb- â # blanket -rrb- by the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- .
a man has died after being hit by a car in greater manchester .
ospreys kept their hopes of a top-six finish in the pro12 with a bonus-point win over bottom side treviso .
barcelona boss luis enrique praised his side 's resilience after their 2-0 defeat by barcelona at the nou camp .
a scottish government minister has called on the scottish government to introduce a loan scheme for the scottish government .
eric eric , one of the world 's most famous robots , has died at the age of 89 .
a woman who posted a photo of herself with a photo of a woman in the italian capital , italy , has been posted online by the italian government .
plans for a # 1bn tidal lagoon in swansea bay have been given the go-ahead by the uk government .
two pedigree puppies have been stolen from a house in the scottish borders .
sale sharks prop josh strauss has signed a two-year contract extension with the premiership club .
iraqi forces have retaken control of the city of falluja from so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , iraqi officials say .
celtic manager ronny deila says the club 's failure to reach the champions league group stage is a `` little bit of the game '' .
max clifford 's publicist has told a jury he was sexually assaulted by celebrity publicist max clifford .
european commission president jean-claude juncker has said the uk should leave the european union if the uk leaves the european union .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has called on turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan to step down .
a powerful earthquake in southern chile has killed at least 11 people and injured dozens more , officials say .
john bercow has been appointed as the new head of the house of commons .
it 's been a turbulent year for the director of film and tv stars .
muhammad ali says he has no regrets with muhammad ali , who has died aged 74 after a long battle with lung tb .
gateshead have signed striker adam johnson from fellow league one side stevenage until the end of the season .
rail passengers in the north of england have been shortlisted for a new rail network , the government has announced .
ukrainian president vladimir putin has called for a summit in the country to sign a deal to end a dispute between the two countries .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing in blackburn .
in the wake of the russian presidential election , russia 's president ramzan kadyrov has been accused of being `` prosecuted '' and `` claims '' .
the bbc has confirmed that it is shutting down the bbc 's new digital app , the bbc has announced .
lancashire 's first horizontal fracking site is to begin in lancashire , the county 's construction firm has announced .
sadiq khan has become the first new mayor of london to be elected mayor of london .
league one side fleetwood town have signed bristol city midfielder wes burns on loan until the end of the season .
hundreds of homes have been flooded in northern ireland after heavy rain and flooding triggered by storm desmond .
a judge in los angeles has ruled that a man in the us state of los angeles -lrb- thief -rrb- has won a legal battle against a us court .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in cardiff .
a man has been banned from keeping animal cruelty after being found guilty of animal cruelty .
first minister nicola sturgeon has visited north sea oil and gas exploration in the north sea .
the world 's most famous boxer , tyson fury , is one of the world 's most famous briton .
a court in italy has found two men guilty of causing the death of an italian man in the central african republic -lrb- car -rrb- .
a council has called for a council meeting to discuss the future of a beach on the dorset beach .
britain 's andy murray fought back from two sets down to beat spain 's andreas seppi and reach the second round of the french open .
the culture of culture in england has been criticised by a new report by culture secretary nicky morgan .
a man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering his constant grandfather .
the us department of labor has reported a sharp fall in sales in the first three months of the year .
two british artists have received a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of women in the united states .
the uk government has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of air passenger flights in scotland .
denmark 's hideki matsuyama shot a six-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the first round of the pga championship in shanghai .
an air france flight bound to fly from glasgow to paris has been diverted after being diverted to a plane .
nhs services in wales will not be `` miracle '' , first minister carwyn jones has said .
two people have died after a light aircraft crashed at a farm in powys .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was killed in a fire in central london .
scientists have made a new appeal for information about the death of a teenage girl in birmingham .
a new academy for children with mental health problems is being launched in west berkshire .
the line-up for this year 's glastonbury festival has been announced .
a woman who died after being attacked by a dog in cambridgeshire has been named by police .
russian president vladimir putin has warned russia 's president vladimir putin that the us should not support the country 's president vladimir putin .
zimbabwe have been knocked out of the women 's world twenty20 after being beaten by zimbabwe in dharamsala .
the chief executive of indian airline india , ravindra ravindra , has been suspended from practising a flight from india , the indian airline has said .
images courtesy of afp , epa , getty images and reuters .
league one side sheffield united have signed former rangers midfielder dean shiels on a two-year contract .
a county durham secondary school has become the first in the uk to introduce gender-neutral dress code .
india 's parliament has approved a controversial bill that allows users of the public to be banned from google .
two people have been taken to hospital after a pipe pipe burst into the river severn .
former world records champion kelly sotherton has called for more records to be made in the sport 's history .
a man has been shot dead by a gunman at a factory in switzerland , swiss prosecutors say .
the president of the national theatre has said he is worried about the future of the national theatre .
former premier league footballer alan cage has called for a `` hate crime '' for victims of sexual abuse .
the former leader of birmingham city council has been elected as the new leader of birmingham city council .
italian cyclist rider he has been banned from the tour de france after failing a drugs test .
america 's america 's cup captain sir ben ainslie has announced his retirement from international football .
a man who died after being hit by a car in the isle of man has been named by police .
carissa carissa has become the first bbc sports personality of the year for the first time .
the number of people living in developing countries in developing countries is rising , according to the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- .
it 's one of the most important buildings in the east midlands .
derbyshire have appointed former captain graeme barnett as their new head coach .
a murder inquiry has been launched after a man died after being hit by a car in liverpool .
the charge of the uk 's roaming charges is to be introduced by the government , the government has announced .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his side are `` desperate '' to win the premier league .
conservative nick clegg has been re-elected as police and crime commissioner for cleveland and somerset .
the champions league title race came to an end as they were beaten 6-0 by monaco in the champions league final .
two-time world number one victoria azarenka has withdrawn from the cincinnati open because of a wrist injury .
aston villa have been fined # 20,000 by the football association for failing to control their players .
the wife of disgraced cyclist lance armstrong has called for the tour de france to be banned from the sport .
australia 's deputy minister eric joyce has said he will vote for a referendum on same-sex marriage .
ospreys have signed wales prop brian mujati on a two-year deal from next season .
the national trust in wales has opened its doors to the public for the first time in more than 70 years .
england 's sergio garcia shot a six-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead at the halfway stage of the alfred dunhill championship .
two rnli vessels have been rescued from the sea off the coast of county antrim .
apple chief executive mark zuckerberg has said he is `` absolutely committed '' to the fbi 's handling of the san bernardino gunman 's san bernardino attack .
the gambia 's decision to leave the eurovision commonwealth games has been withdrawn , the country 's foreign office has said .
a us engineer has pleaded guilty to a chinese court in connection with the construction of a nuclear power plant in the us .
aston villa have completed the signing of aston villa midfielder kozak kozak for an undisclosed fee .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest .
a former teacher has been jailed for two years for indecently assaulting a girl at a school in devon .
scottish professional football league -lrb- spfl -rrb- has reported a record number of fans in the first three months of the year .
a police officer who was arrested on suspicion of theft in the east sussex village of lewes has said he will not be prosecuted .
the us state of north korea says it has found a `` brew '' and `` brew '' and `` liquor '' and `` liquor '' .
in the past few days , people in england are being urged to do more to help those who are dying from end-of-life care .
the world 's largest cruise ship , the bridge , has been officially opened to the public .
a minute 's silence has been held in cardiff to mark the 30th anniversary of the paris attacks .
ulster moved up to second in the pro12 table with a bonus-point win over newport gwent dragons .
the russian football federation -lrb- russia -rrb- has confirmed that russia will take over the 2018 world cup in russia .
a court in egypt has sentenced two journalists to death in prison after being convicted of terrorism offences .
a new film has been unveiled in edinburgh for the first time in more than 30 years .
post office staff have announced plans to close two post offices in the post of post office closures .
pro-russian rebels in eastern ukraine say they have retaken a key rebel-held area of the eastern region of donetsk .
in the run-up to the general election on 7 may , welsh assembly members are debating the outcome of the assembly election .
one of portugal 's most popular musicians , salvador falcao , has won the eurovision song contest for the first time .
in the wake of the berlin papers scandal , the bbc 's lamine scandal looks at the influence of the media spotlight in germany .
two former police officers have been jailed after being found guilty of attempted murder and attempted murder .
supermarket chain sainsbury 's has warned that the uk leaving the european union could be at risk if the uk leaves the eu .
a british adventurer has set a new world record for the atlantic atlantic atlantic .
plans for a new mayor of bath have been rejected by the council .
thousands of people have taken part in a charity service in london to support the victims of the grenfell tower fire .
health boards in wales have been warned they will face further financial challenges , the health secretary has said .
the scottish prison service has announced plans to allow mobile phones to use mobile phones in prison .
two goals from paul heatley helped crusaders maintain their lead at the top of the premiership with victory over coleraine .
the bodies of two british soldiers who died in world war one have been uncovered by the ministry of defence .
the families of two british couple killed in a balcony in morocco have said they are `` devastated '' by the deaths of two britons .
pupils in england are being asked to take part in a series of tests aimed at improving primary school pupils in england .
britain 's sarah andrews has become the first british woman to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
prime minister david cameron has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' after being caught on a flight to portugal .
morecambe moved into the league two play-off places with a comfortable victory over morecambe .
new zealand came from behind to beat new zealand and win the world cup for the first time .
a trade office in france is to end its operations in france , with the loss of more than 100 jobs .
the bank of england and the uk 's biggest bank , the bank of england , will be the first bank in the uk to have a new bank .
a court in germany has approved a book to mark the 70th anniversary of adolf hitler 's mein kampf .
wales ' first six nations match against italy on saturday has been called off for the first time .
russia 's foreign minister says it is `` deeply concerned '' about the threat of syria 's air strikes in syria .
a man has been jailed after he was jailed for killing a woman in a park .
scotland 's laura muir has been named in the great britain squad for the european indoor championships in belgrade .
sarah rivera has said she was `` surprised '' by the lack of diversity in the united states .
exeter chiefs head coach ian chiefs has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
a powerful earthquake has struck central japan , killing at least two people and injuring dozens more , officials say .
a council has called for a change in the law to rename the name of one of wales ' most popular locations .
scientists say they have discovered the world 's most powerful type of carbon emissions .
a type of diabetes has been used to treat type 2 diabetes , a study suggests .
lloyds banking group has said it is `` disappointed '' that the bank of england has voted to cut the number of people in the uk .
belfast city council has announced plans to build a new hotel in belfast city centre .
the man accused of murdering children 's author helen bailey has told a court he did not want to kill her , a court has heard .
a former chief executive has been cleared of fraud after being found guilty of fraud and fraud .
all images are copyrighted .
justin bieber has been ordered to pay $ 150,000 -lrb- â # move -rrb- in damages for the death of singer justin bieber .
road repairs in northern ireland are costing # 1.5 bn a year , the government has said .
a man has died after being hit by a car in stoke-on-trent .
a former mayor of tower hamlets in london has been found guilty of electoral fraud .
all pictures are copyrighted .
a man has escaped injury at a hotel in birmingham city centre .
a hospital has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors at the care quality commission -lrb- cqc -rrb- .
the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- is calling for a change in the number of care patients in england and wales .
motherwell have been forced to postpone their squad for saturday 's europa league match against motherwell .
two dogs have been rescued from a garden in lincolnshire , the rspca has said .
premiership champions leicester tigers have been given the go-ahead by the rugby football union .
bank of england governor mark carney has defended the bank of england 's interest rate for the first time since 2008 .
coventry city midfielder james maddison has signed a new two-year contract with the league one club .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- says it is `` very concerned '' about the future of the democratic republic of congo .
ireland 's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the eurohockey championships were dented as they were beaten 2-1 by germany in the opening game of the world cup .
the us space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- is launching a new version of its new rocket .
league one side oldham athletic have signed striker derek adams on loan from norwich city until the end of the season .
hundreds of people have signed a petition calling for an end to the makeshift jungle camp camp in calais .
an inquest into the death of a man whose body was found at a hotel in greater manchester has been found not guilty of manslaughter .
alliance alliance alliance alliance trust -lrb- alliance -rrb- has confirmed it is considering a takeover bid for alliance trust alliance trust .
the summer transfer window is back to the top of the scottish premiership .
the wife of a french woman who was killed in a car crash in paris has told the bbc that she is suffering from severe air pollution .
middlesbrough came from behind to beat middlesbrough and move up to third in the championship .
jenson button says he has no intention of retiring from formula 1 at the end of the season .
shares in samsung electronics have been hit by the merger of samsung 's chief executive lee jae-yong .
the chief executive of pembrokeshire council has been ordered to resign after a public inquiry into its pension payments was upheld .
the number of wild dogs in the uk is at risk of extinction , according to a new study .
two men have been jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at his home in kilmarnock .
hundreds of people have taken part in a memorial to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
german sportswear giant adidas has announced that it is to terminate its sponsorship of the sport .
crewe alexandra director of rugby steve davis says his side have a `` pathway '' as they prepare for their first championship win of the season .
a new mural has been unveiled to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the first polish town of lawn .
andy murray has become the first british player to win the aegon championships at queen 's club .
social care in wales is `` too high '' , the welsh government 's chief executive has said .
a smartphone app has been launched at the ces tech show in canada .
the world 's largest aircraft , the watching , is a makers drone .
a judge has ruled that the department of defence minister , mark durkan , has won a high court battle against the northern ireland executive .
england 's batting display against pakistan was a `` great moment '' , says former england captain michael vaughan .
coventry city fans have said they are `` appalled '' by the pitch invasion of the club 's supporters .
defending champions toulon came from behind to beat stade francais in the european challenge cup .
a oscar ship has arrived in the uk for the first time in more than 70 years .
the owners of a aerodrome airfield have lost a legal bid to overturn a planning application for the use of the canadian world war two airfield .
the sister of milly dowler has said she is `` appalled '' by the murder of milly dowler , the bbc has learned .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a man in sydney .
the welsh football association has called on the welsh government to increase the number of young people in wales .
former scotland manager neil lennon believes gordon strachan will not be distracted by the impact of scotland 's euro 2016 squad .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he will not stand in the us presidential election if he wins the election .
russian president vladimir putin has announced he will not travel to france for the next two years .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in west lothian .
volunteers in the isle of man are being urged to help search for their endangered species of wild mammal .
a fatal accident inquiry into the death of a teenager who was hit by a car in county tyrone has been removed .
plans to cut the amount of sugary drinks in england 's schools have been criticised by the government .
the number of cannabis farms in england and wales is at its highest level for more than a decade , according to a new report .
a new runway at heathrow airport is to close at the end of this year , it has been announced .
celtic assistant manager osian roberts says he has no regrets about his future at the club .
it has been a year since the dumfries of a house in the south of scotland .
south africa will host the 2017 africa cup of nations in cape town on wednesday .
scotland manager gordon strachan has signed a new five-year contract with the scottish premiership club .
a review of scotland 's student debt system has been launched by the scottish government .
a seaside town in essex has been forced to cancel a seaside town in a bid to boost the town 's economy .
the family of a 20-year-old man who died in the london terror attacks have spoken of their shock at the attacks .
the leader of orkney council has been sworn in as the new leader of orkney islands council .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a man in bedford .
the bishop of gloucester has been sworn in as the new bishop of gloucester .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has praised the scottish government 's response to the attainment gap in scotland .
a report into the sinking of a boat which capsized in the river thames has blamed the crew of the accident which killed two people .
one of the uk 's most successful black belt , grainger davis , has said she was `` shocked '' by the lack of black belt .
youtube has announced that it is shutting down its website .
a man from new zealand has died after falling from a balcony in new zealand .
the european commission has announced plans to limit the number of migrants seeking asylum from the eu .
plans for a # 1bn development in swansea city centre have been approved by councillors .
south korea 's charley hoffman carded a six-under-par 66 to move into the final round of the masters at augusta .
the green party has announced plans to create more than 1,000 new jobs in north wales .
turkey has accused turkey of using `` terrorist propaganda '' against the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in syria .
the labour party has been accused of `` dithering '' by the government 's fiscal charter .
a 14-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenage boy was found on a train .
one of the world 's most famous oxford has been taken to the stage for the first time in more than 100 years .
barcelona have agreed to pay $ 10m -lrb- # irregularities m -rrb- to neymar and neymar from barcelona , the spanish club has said .
the european union says it will send up to 1,000 eu troops to send troops to the south of the country .
a former member of the european parliament has been appointed as the new chief executive of the european union .
a plane has landed at glasgow prestwick airport after flying off the runway at prestwick airport .
a row has broken out between the rival of libya and the united nations .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed on wednesday as investors reacted to the global economy .
the son of a dissident republican who was murdered by a dissident republican has asked the public prosecution service -lrb- pps -rrb- to take legal action .
the price of oil has fallen for the first time in more than six years , according to a report by the royal bank of scotland .
the us house of representatives has voted to repeal a bill that would allow republicans to repeal his healthcare bill .
the former chief executive of the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by the prospect of a secret investigation into the ira 's alleged involvement in the troubles .
all photographs by culture initially .
chelsea can win the premier league title , says manager antonio conte .
british number one laura robson will make her first appearance at the aegon international in nottingham on saturday .
british and irish lions prop tom watson has been charged with violent conduct by the rugby football union .
widnes vikings prop joe mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the super league side .
syrian president bashar al-assad has urged the syrian government to end a `` humanitarian pause '' in aleppo .
two men have been arrested after two men were robbed in county londonderry .
jockey ap mccoy won the cheltenham festival for the first time after winning the champion hurdle at cheltenham .
a video has been released in the us city of gmt , usa , for the first time .
mae prif weinidog cymru , carwyn jones wedi dweud ei bod yn `` dywedodd alban '' ar gyfer yr etholiad cyffredinol .
national league side kidderminster harriers have appointed former manager craig gordon as their new head coach .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was found dead in a flat in east belfast .
a suicide bomber has been killed in a suicide bombing in the turkish capital , ankara , officials say .
a soldier accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend 's ex-girlfriend has told a court she was `` too frightened '' to kill her .
the father of a texas student who was barred from entering the us state of texas has called for a law to ban students from applying for students .
ross county have signed ross county striker ross county on loan until the end of the season .
moussa dembele said he was `` happy '' to sign celtic striker moussa dembele in a heated loan move from celtic .
ukraine 's president petro poroshenko has signed a deal with the government to end the country 's economic crisis .
labour leader ed miliband has said he will not resign as labour leader .
a man has been charged with murder following the death of a man in oxford .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has lifted a ban on gay men donating to gay men in england and wales .
swansea city head coach paul clement says striker alfie mawson is the best player in the premier league .
people with hiv in england are being offered hiv in england as part of a new plan to reduce the number of hiv in england .
the sun has seen some of the most powerful parts of our solar system .
the government is to increase the number of people who have died at the age of 84 , the government has announced .
a woman has died after being struck by a van in gwynedd .
britain 's kyle edmund reached the second round of the madrid open with a straight-set win over spain 's fought edmund .
a railway line in cumbria has been closed for the first time in more than two years .
at least 39 people have been killed in a passenger plane crash in the somali capital , mogadishu , officials say .
the governor of the us state of missouri has called for a judicial review into the use of prison in england and wales .
a crowdfunding campaign has been launched to raise money for a statue of david bowie 's david bowie .
the met office has issued a yellow `` be aware '' warning for emergency services in scotland .
the number of people visiting the average cost of christmas has fallen to its lowest level for a year , according to figures from the office for national statistics .
charles rennie mackintosh has been named as the new architect of the glasgow school of art -lrb- gsa -rrb- .
a former mayor of bristol city council has died at the age of 73 .
steven kone scored a hat-trick as everton came from behind to beat everton in the fa cup first round .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says he is `` disappointed '' by torquay united 's takeover of the national league club .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has called for more international action to tackle the spread of hiv in africa .
shares in marks and spencer fell by more than 5 % after it reported a fall in sales in the first half of the year .
a mosque has been accused of racism over a mosque 's mosque .
the somali government says it has received more than $ 6.5 bn -lrb- # 3.4 bn -rrb- to help the soldiers of somalia 's al-shabab islamist group al-shabab .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fire at a house in moray .
belfast boxer martyn irvine has been named the bbc sports personality of the year for a second time .
a man has been shot dead by police in india 's capital , delhi , police say .
syrian government forces have recaptured a strategically important town in the eastern city of palmyra , activists say .
a new road has been built in inverness for the first time in more than 70 years .
castleford tigers have agreed a deal to sign castleford tigers half-back rangi chase for an undisclosed fee .
england 's laura massaro beat world number one caroline matthew to reach the semi-finals of the women 's world squash championship in birmingham .
us president barack obama has said he is `` extremely concerned '' about the white house 's handling of the shooting of unarmed black teenager michael brown .
lancashire director of cricket giles giles says it is `` not good enough '' to play in their one-day international series against lancashire .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has called republican presidential front-runner donald trump as `` shameful '' .
scientists say they have found a gene that could help people with cystic fibrosis .
britain 's geraint thomas moved into second place in the giro d'italia with victory in the giro d'italia .
kilmarnock have appointed former rangers manager lee johnston as their new manager .
the football association has said it is investigating allegations of historical sexual abuse at a football club .
the euro 2016 finals gets under way in france on saturday .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was found with serious injuries in glasgow .
a man has been jailed for 12 years for killing a woman who was found dead at a house in swansea .
the scottish government has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of the scottish borders .
royal dutch shell has warned that the royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- is to cut its stake in oil giant shell .
aberdeen came from behind to beat aberdeen and reach the europa league second qualifying round .
the mother of a british woman who died in nepal says she has been `` overwhelmed '' by the response to her daughter 's death .
arsenal manager arsene wenger says zlatan ibrahimovic will be a `` great agent '' if he is to stay at the club next season .
an investigation has been launched into the deaths of three patients at a denbighshire mental health ward .
shrewsbury maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with a goalless draw at shrewsbury .
england 's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the european championship were ended as they were held to a 1-1 draw by the czech republic .
a us man has been shot dead by police in the us state of new york , officials say .
a new scheme aimed at improving youth education in wales has been announced .
a former archbishop of wales has said he has no regrets about organ donation .
everton manager phil walsh has signed a new five-year contract with the premier league club .
a rare albino turtle has been washed up on a beach in the republic of ireland .
hundreds of scottish farmers have attended a rally in edinburgh to protest against the impact of farming payments .
a police officer has been arrested on suspicion of firearms offences after a police officer was shot dead in a police station .
league two side doncaster rovers have signed leicester city midfielder jack houghton on loan until the end of the season .
the bbc has launched a new campaign to help people with mental health problems with mental health issues .
a man has died after getting into difficulties off the coast of cornwall .
king king of china , king bhumibol king , has a reputation for the country 's economy .
the head of the us national security agency -lrb- president-elect -rrb- has told the bbc that more than half of us citizens may be able to access to climate change .
boris johnson , the head of the uk 's foreign secretary , has told the bbc he is `` very confident '' he will be allowed to run in the middle east .
it 's been a remarkable year for many people .
sweden 's henrik stenson won his first european tour title with a one-shot victory over sweden 's henrik stenson .
the us house of representatives has voted to legalise the rights of disabled people from entering the treaty treaty .
colombian president juan manuel santos has won the nobel peace prize .
a tractor driver has been arrested on suspicion of driving a tractor on a tractor in county antrim .
former world champion dani king says he will not compete at the 2017 commonwealth games in ebbw vale as `` a possibility '' .
lancashire captain steven davies hit a career-best century to help his side take control against derbyshire at old trafford .
scottish youth youth youth manager all fitzel has called on the czech republic to introduce a new youth league for the first time .
wales began their euro 2016 qualifying campaign with a comfortable victory over moldova in cardiff .
celtic manager brendan rodgers has signed a new two-year contract with the scottish premiership club .
newport county secured their place in the league two play-offs with a comfortable win over newport county .
children 's services in kent could be at risk because of a shortage of children 's services , a councillor has said .
the australian government has said it will not rule out the case of a controversial offshore asylum seeker in papua new guinea -lrb- png -rrb- .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he is not worried about his side 's shock defeat by cardiff city .
the isle of man beach has announced plans for a new status beach in the highlands .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a polish man who was stabbed to death in essex .
a woman has died after her car was involved in a collision with a car in 17:35 , county antrim .
kent have appointed former england captain tom kennedy as their new head coach .
the chief executive of england 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has resigned .
the leader of libya 's parliament says he has resigned from the country 's government .
the uk 's data watchdog is investigating whether a data breach of the uk 's data data breach has been hacked .
the us has accused the us of `` barbarism '' over its bombardment of rebel-held areas in the syrian city of aleppo .
a priest and his parents have been found dead in a church in county monaghan in the republic of ireland .
dundee united 's owners have said they are in talks with the club 's owners over the cost of repairing dundee 's maintenance park .
russia 's foreign minister has been suspended from the rio paralympics after being banned from the rio paralympics .
plans to close a community hospital in flint have been approved by the health board .
a man has appeared in court accused of causing the death of a woman by careless driving .
middlesbrough have signed middlesbrough striker diego forshaw on loan until the end of the season .
exeter secured their first premiership win of the season as they beat exeter at twickenham .
a welsh writer has been named winner of the year at the national book of wales -lrb- stephens -rrb- awards .
brighton maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with a comfortable victory at ipswich .
voters in wales have voted to stand in the welsh assembly election .
a memorial service has been held in cardiff to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
arsenal 's hopes of reaching the fa cup quarter-finals were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by 10-man blackburn .
a pilot who was killed in a plane crash in syria 's capital , damascus , has been shot dead in syria .
britain 's nick mckeever and rebecca mckeever won gold in the women 's kayak relay at the rio olympics .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- has launched its first mission to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
mozambique , one of mozambique 's poorest islands , has died at the age of 98 .
the number of migrants seeking asylum in germany has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , germany 's interior minister says .
a british soldier killed in a bomb attack in afghanistan has been named by the ministry of defence .
a group of railway enthusiasts have been taking part in a group of tracks in the highlands .
a baltimore police officer has been charged with manslaughter over the death of freddie gray .
more than # 1m has been spent on private landlords in london for more than a decade , according to a report .
northern ireland 's jamie donaldson is one shot off the lead after the first round of the italian open .
the family of a british man who went to the aid of a flight to the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- flight have arrived in the united states .
nintendo has reported a loss of $ 8.6 m -lrb- # japanese bn -rrb- for the first three months of the year .
the scottish government has launched a review of the way schools are governed in the borders .
more than half of london 's hospitals are struggling to cope with a shortage of nurses , a bbc investigation has found .
at least two people have been killed in a plane crash in ghana 's capital , accra , officials say .
french open champion garbine muguruza will play garbine muguruza in the first round of the italian open .
a writer has said he was `` surprised '' by the lack of `` offending '' in the event of a `` offending '' author .
national league side southport have signed midfielder ian bell on a two-year deal following his release by rochdale .
former st johnstone striker suffered le suffered says he has no regrets about his sexuality as a gay player .
dogs should be banned from using dogs in a bid to reduce the number of dogs , the council has said .
vatican treasurer cardinal cardinal donating has been given $ money -lrb- â # lid -rrb- by vatican officials in the vatican , the vatican says .
abu bakr al-baghdadi , the founder of so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- , has died in a us-led air strike , the pentagon says .
scarlets have signed wales under-20s prop aaron hughes on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
jessica ennis-hill 's world champion jessica ennis-hill has been banned for two years for failing a drugs test .
gay rights activists in chechnya have called for a ban on gay people in chechnya , gay , bisexual and transgender people .
hundreds of people have attended a rally in support of a mother who took her own life while feeding her breastfeeding .
daimler , the world 's largest carmaker , has reported a rise in sales for the first three months of the year .
wales captain sam warburton says he has a `` big chance '' of being selected for wales ' six nations campaign .
former world number one mark sampson says he has `` lost his weight '' after being knocked out in the first round of the uk championship .
the longlist for this year 's ts eliot prize for poetry has been announced .
the world 's most successful olympian , lord coe , has died at the age of 97 .
david winton , who has died at the age of 113 , was one of britain 's most gifted and gifted jewish refugees .
the 2017 bahrain grand prix gets under way at the bahrain grand prix in abu dhabi .
nobel laureate sir tim hunt has apologised for comments he made about women at a nobel conference .
mobile phone use between mobile phones and mobile phones should be introduced in the uk , according to a new report .
the number of staff staff at queen 's university has fallen by more than a third in the past three years , according to a survey .
protests have been held in india 's capital , delhi , to protest against the government 's decision to end a protest over anti-government protests .
the 2017 winter olympics will be held in sochi , norway , for the first time .
a large fire has broken out at a shopping centre in west belfast .
a drug that can help reduce the risk of cancer has been launched in london .
the british medical association has rejected a new contract aimed at ending the dispute over junior doctors ' contracts .
the leader of the greek olympic party -lrb- greek -rrb- , greek dawn , has been accused of racially aggravated assault , the bbc has learned .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has approved a new law that will allow the law to allow abortion in northern ireland .
a collection of letters from the national library of scotland have been acquired by the national library of scotland .
plymouth albion head coach alan paver says striker john chapman is the best player in the uk , says his coach alan paver .
birmingham city moved up to third in the championship with a hard-fought win at birmingham city .
a animal orangutan has been rescued from a zoo in belgium , the zoo has confirmed .
the owner of a house on the isle of wight has said she has `` no idea '' she will be able to install a phone call .
more than 1,000 syrian refugees have arrived in coventry in the past year , the bbc has learned .
ukip leader nigel farage has called for a `` referendum '' for the uk to leave the european union .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in gwynedd .
a motorcyclist has died after being hit by a car in doncaster .
newcastle united came from behind to beat aston villa and move eight points clear at the top of the championship .
thousands of people have taken part in a ceremony to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the netherlands .
dover secured their place in the national league play-off places with a comfortable win at macclesfield .
a man has been charged with firearms offences after two cats were shot at a cat in surrey .
a man from cambridgeshire has been arrested on suspicion of child sex offences .
match previews for the weekend 's premier league and championship games .
northern ireland 's first ever youth games at the commonwealth games in belfast is to be held in belfast .
two men have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a car was attacked in county londonderry .
st mirren have signed midfielder blair smith on loan from aberdeen until the end of the season .
the chief executive of the northern ireland executive has announced that she will not seek permission for a judicial review .
west ham striker andy carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
house prices in scotland are set to be hit by a stamp duty increase by the end of the year , according to a new report .
a cambridge university professor has been awarded a honorary degree by the university of southampton .
scottish gymnast richard mackenzie has announced his retirement from international football at the age of 37 .
the world 's first crop rice rice plant has been launched in the philippines for the first time .
an investigation has been launched after an explosion at a house in neath port talbot .
one of the uk 's most famous syd , syd syd , is to be turned into a garden in cambridge .
the first neolithic neolithic to be built in stonehenge has been built at stonehenge .
a man has been found guilty of raping a woman in her home .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in grimsby .
tributes have been paid to us actor frank connery , who has died at the age of 86 .
the opening of the tour de yorkshire 's first tour of the season will take place in leeds .
malky mackay has been named as the new manager of cardiff city .
plans have been unveiled for a new whisky distillery in the borders .
formula 1 bosses have rejected plans to introduce a new system for the 2017 formula 1 season .
venezuela has extended its border with colombia to colombia for the first time since the country 's border with colombia .
captain greig laidlaw says france can not afford to beat france in their six nations opener against france .
aberystwyth university has been given the go-ahead by the welsh government .
monty python actor sarah palin has died at the age of 74 .
former prime minister nigel farage has called on the uk government to do more to tackle immigration in the uk .
the chief executive of london underground union -lrb- gmb -rrb- has called for a night tube service to be cancelled .
former labour mp george galloway is being investigated by police in the west midlands .
england will play england in a friendly at euro 2016 if they are to win the 2018 world cup , says manager gordon strachan .
a police investigation into the death of a man who was found dead at his home in south london has been found dead .
the mayor of manchester has announced plans to cut the cost of council tax in a bid to save # 32m .
canada 's food and drink agency -lrb- actual -rrb- has said it has found a drop in the number of gin gin in canada .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene , one of ghana 's most successful juices , is the new president of ghana .
the winner of this year 's turner prize winner has been announced as the winner of this year 's kennedy book prize .
in the wake of britain 's vote to leave the eu , the bbc 's david cameron looks at the idea of the uk 's relationship with the european union .
a blogger who claimed she was falsely accused of sexually abusing a woman has been charged with harassment .
the number of syrian refugees being housed in wales has reached a record high , according to the welsh government .
the bbc has signed a deal with channel 4 , the bbc has announced .
holders hibernian have won the scottish league cup for the first time .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in new york to mark the 35th anniversary of the 2014 world cup .
two properties in northern ireland have been reconnected after a power cut in the county antrim area .
ipswich maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with victory over ipswich at portman road .
polish prosecutors are investigating the death of a holocaust member of nazi nazi concentration camp in poland .
one of china 's biggest retail retailers , b&q , has been bought by the chinese retail giant kingfisher group .
the toronto raptors has been named as the new player of the new jersey season .
swansea city captain neil taylor has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
`` i do n't want to be a trainer , '' says jason historically , one of britain 's most successful helmet , says .
adele has been named best actress of the year at this year 's brit awards .
a man has been found guilty of the `` brutal '' murder of a pensioner in glasgow .
the funeral of a man who went missing after a night out in bristol has been held .
a football fan has been fined for assaulting a fan who was hit by a car in aberdeen .
the leader of tunisia 's presidential election , essebsi essebsi , has been sworn in as president of tunisia .
volkswagen is being sued by us regulators over the diesel emissions scandal .
belgian cyclist 25-year-old demoitie has died after being involved in a collision with a motorbike in the french alps .
iran 's prime minister has called on iran to hold a ballistic missile test .
wolves maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with a hard-fought victory over wolves .
at least eight people have been killed in a suspected gas explosion at a factory in central porto , officials say .
a winnipeg food company has been charged with animal cruelty offences after being accused of starving animal cruelty .
britain 's dave ryding won the first race of the 2017 season with victory in the honda grand prix .
cardiff city boss paul trollope says the club 's players are `` desperate '' to return to the premier league .
two teenage girls who went missing in syria have been reunited with their families , the government has said .
olympic gold medallist elinor barker says she was `` shocked '' by the lack of support for team gb at the rio olympics .
cardiff city have agreed a deal to sign midfielder chris cohen on a two-year deal .
shares in china fell on friday as investors reacted to the government 's latest stimulus update .
matt tubbs 's hat-trick helped dagenham come from behind to beat dagenham & redbridge and reach the league two play-off places .
a group of foster care workers say they have been `` overwhelmed '' by the lack of care in foster care in scotland .
the indigenous indigenous forest in the amazon is one of the most important areas in the world .
former lib dem mp nick perry has died at the age of 74 .
lionel messi scored a hat-trick as barcelona came from behind to beat la liga rivals barcelona in the copa del rey final .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's main share index fell in early trade after the uk 's vote to leave the eu .
the scottish government has written to the scottish government to try to ban the use of genetically modified crops .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers whether sudan 's military is using war crimes .
in the aftermath of the eu referendum , the bbc 's andrew marr looks at how the uk is to leave the european union .
if you want to know how to work in the world of science , science fiction has made a unique breakthrough in the history of science .
the crown prosecution service in england and wales is failing to properly investigate victims of crime , the crown prosecution service has said .
a court in the us state of samsung has ruled that samsung infringed apple 's iphone patents .
plymouth argyle have signed midfielder spencer spencer on a one-year deal .
jamie vardy scored twice as leicester city won at leicester to move up to third in the premier league .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has urged turkish president recep tayyip erdogan to step down .
the family of a man who died in a suspected bone cell transplant say they have been `` overwhelmed '' by the case .
dunfermline athletic moved up to third in the scottish championship with victory over falkirk .
a fire has broken out at a ferry on the isle of wight .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us shares closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average higher on tuesday .
the family of a six-year-old girl who died after being diagnosed with a rare form of meningitis have paid tribute to her `` beautiful daughter '' .
prison officers in england and wales are to be balloted on industrial action in a dispute over pay .
a group of mps has called for a change in the rules on tackling extremism in england and wales .
labour leadership contender yvette cooper has said he will not be the party 's next leader .
sir vince cable , the former head of the university of england , says it would be a `` huge honour '' for the university of england .
former england and england captain alex finney has retired from football at the age of 38 .
the northern ireland assembly is one of the most contentious issues in northern ireland 's political landscape .
the man who won the national book at the national book awards has been named waterstones book of the year .
millions of people in the uk have been paying tribute to former prime minister david cameron , who has died at the age of 84 .
star wars actress daisy potts is to star in disney 's live-action remake of the disney film .
france 's olympic gold medallist chris froome has won the rio 2016 olympic games for the rio olympics .
former wales international james james has joined cardiff blues on a two-year deal .
a court in san francisco has ruled that san bernardino killer syed rizwan farook should be removed from the us .
police in egypt 's capital , cairo , have arrested three people in connection with a police operation in the capital , cairo .
police investigating the murder of blackpool teenager sarah oyston have made a fresh appeal for information .
a man has been jailed for six years after he admitted killing a st mary in a pub .
workers at a factory in the indian capital , delhi , have clashed with workers at a factory in the southern indian state of tamil nadu .
instead instead , one of the world 's most famous musicians , has died at the age of 89 .
a man from north london who was killed in a attack in north london has said he is `` devastated '' by the threat of the attack .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has announced a plan to create a new generation of business in india .
the mother of a three-year-old girl who went missing with her three-year-old son has said she is `` desperate to be alive '' .
actress meryl sony has said she was `` surprised '' by the lack of emails in the film industry .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on wednesday , boosted by strong economic data from us federal reserve president donald trump .
a former renewable energy incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme has been withdrawn from the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme , the bbc has learned .
one of the most influential people in the european union , nick well , has died at the age of 98 .
an animal welfare charity -lrb- animal -rrb- has apologised to the family of a man who was found dead in a park in north london .
plans for a new solar farm in bristol have been given the go-ahead by the council .
the former head of the public prosecutions service -lrb- cps -rrb- has been charged with misconduct by the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- .
the venezuelan military says it has found no evidence of a helicopter crash in the venezuelan capital , caracas .
a man who became the first person in the world to have a snack egg has been given a new record .
manchester united have signed manchester united midfielder adnan januzaj on loan until the end of the season .
prime minister david cameron is to meet prime minister david cameron to discuss the threat posed by islamic state militants .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks fell on monday as investors weighed on the us dollar .
south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- , south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- , has taken place in south africa .
england are `` desperate '' to beat pakistan in the first test against pakistan , says bowler joe anderson .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he has no problem with kenneth zohore , but says he has no problem with cardiff city .
carlisle united manager keith curle says he has no plans to return to the league two club .
australia will play australia in the first test against australia in sydney on saturday after a victory win over australia in sydney .
home secretary theresa may has said she is `` deeply concerned '' about police officers in england and wales .
pop star kylie minogue has announced that she will return to the bbc on saturday night .
bristol have signed winger luke arscott from fellow premiership rivals bath for an undisclosed fee .
police stations in northern ireland are to be expanded as part of a new police force .
police are investigating reports that people dressed as `` creepy clowns '' are being investigated by police in wales .
the story of the late doctor who went missing from the news of the world has been discovered in the capital , accra .
plans to run the number of bus routes in bristol have been approved by the government .
the remains of a viking hoard have been found in a field in argyll , according to archaeologists .
liverpool goalkeeper danny ward says he is `` desperate '' to stay in the premier league after losing his first match as liverpool manager .
a man has been charged with murder after a woman was found dead at a house in west london .
police investigating the theft of two birds of prey in the highlands have issued a fresh appeal for information .
the mother of a baby girl who was hit by a bus in conwy county has said she is `` desperate to be alive '' .
pop star and 1980s star hill hill has died at the age of 74 .
kilmarnock manager lee clark says lee clark could be out for the rest of the season .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with shares in airlines and the ftse 100 index higher .
glasgow warriors head coach gregor townsend hailed his side 's performance as they beat glasgow warriors to win the european champions cup .
ireland coach joe schmidt has named six uncapped players in his squad for the three-test tour of south africa .
the chinese government has launched a crackdown on the number of web users who have been stolen from the internet .
the trial of two al-jazeera journalists accused of being part of a terrorist attack in egypt has been adjourned .
a prison riot in the brazilian state of sao paulo has been removed from a prison in the capital , brasilia .
an australian man has died in a plane crash on the pacific island of cairns .
star wars actress jean garcia has been named best actress at the new york international film festival -lrb- garcia -rrb- .
a man has died after getting into difficulty in a river in cumbria .
nepal 's climbing mountain climbing mount everest has been cancelled , nepal 's tourism agency says .
winger winger scored a hat-trick as dutch champions psv eindhoven came from behind to beat dutch side nicolai in the europa league .
bollywood star salman khan has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a hit-and-run crash in mumbai .
newcastle falcons have signed hooker toby flood from premiership rivals newcastle falcons for an undisclosed fee .
the scottish football association has issued a warning to the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- to address the use of football clubs in scotland .
-lrb- close -rrb- : stocks on wall street ended the day little changed , with shares in tech stocks falling .
commons speaker jack straw has been appointed as the new speaker of the house of commons .
the number of people claiming to be in scotland has fallen in the last year , according to new figures .
a terminally ill man has launched a legal bid to overturn a legal challenge to the supreme court ruling on assisted dying .
league one side walsall have signed former walsall defender ben macgillivray on a two-year contract .
paris st-germain missed the chance to go top of ligue 1 as they were held to a draw by paris st-germain .
nepal 's prime minister has told the bbc that more than 100 people have been rescued from a devastating earthquake in nepal 's capital , kathmandu .
older people in care homes in wales are to be given more care in care , a bbc investigation has found .
linfield will begin their first leg of the champions league in the first leg of the champions league first qualifying round .
a labour mp has called for the uk to stay in the eu , as a result of the brexit vote .
a convicted child sex offender has pleaded guilty to possessing indecent images of children .
one of the world 's most famous 82 , 82 82 , has died at the age of 97 .
a shark shark has been washed up on a beach in the republic of ireland .
cambridge moved into the league two play-off places with victory at cambridge .
bus drivers in cardiff are being balloted for strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions .
a bbc watchdog investigation into the behaviour of a 12-year-old boy has been criticised by a watchdog .
egypt 's nuclear weapons authority -lrb- treaty -rrb- has said it will not accept a new nuclear weapons plan for nuclear weapons .
a group of british musicians have won a high court battle against the high court in london .
slovakia 's former prime minister twentieth slovakia has died at the age of 88 .
an investigation is under way into the fatal shooting of a soldier in west belfast in the early hours of 1972 .
the mother of a woman who died after being hit by a car in aberdeenshire has said she is `` terrified '' by the response .
hibernian manager jim duffy has been charged with misconduct by the scottish fa for verbal assault .
a man who died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in midlothian has been named by police .
norwich city have completed the signing of midfielder yanic wildschut from ajax for an undisclosed fee .
the owners of a denbighshire hospital have won a legal battle against the owners of a denbighshire hospital .
a pilot has been taken to hospital after she was hit by a light aircraft in a field .
actress gemma arterton is to star in a musical adaptation of the west end production of the west end .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale has called for a `` speech '' to the scottish government 's trade union .
the national football association -lrb- nff -rrb- has announced it will be taking part in this summer 's africa cup of nations in gabon .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has called on president nicolas maduro to be sworn in as president of the country .
tens of thousands of protesters have taken to the streets of cuba 's capital , havana , to protest against the government 's commitment to reform .
manager martin canning hopes hamilton accies will be fit for the scottish cup final against rangers on saturday .
former england captain alex clint has been diagnosed with bowel cancer .
the son of mexican drug lord joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman has pleaded not guilty to charges of drug trafficking .
yorkshire reached the one-day cup quarter-finals with a run-chase victory over yorkshire at headingley .
a doctor who has been diagnosed with acute illness has been knighted in the queen 's birthday honours list .
syria says it is `` appalled '' by reports that syrian forces have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria .
a us judge has ordered the arrest of a man accused of killing two people at a airport in the us state of minnesota .
the us and iran have signed sanctions on tehran 's nuclear programme , in what it calls a `` strategic deal '' with iran .
the vatican has appointed the former head of the roman catholic bank , cardinal george pell .
the number of homes in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began in april , official figures show .
former world number one caroline wozniacki has won the women 's cord title at the european indoor championships .
a rare edition of adolf hitler 's mein kampf has been sold at auction for # blue .
a report has called for a review of the way the scottish food and food sector needs to tackle obesity .
two brothers accused of trying to join so-called islamic state in syria have gone on trial in syria .
the european union and the european union have agreed to set up a deal with the eu to deal with the influx of migrants from turkey .
solihull moors have signed former solihull moors midfielder benjamin benjamin on a two-year deal .
england 's women 's team will not compete at the rio olympics , says world cup winner mark sampson .
one of the uk 's most powerful rock , rock hancock , has been removed from the sea off the coast of oman .
lufthansa pilots have begun a three-day strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
us president barack obama has condemned a russian plane crash in eastern ukraine , killing a russian soldier .
the bank of england 's central bank , rajan rajan , has told the bbc he is not worried about the future of the central bank .
a health board in inverness has been forced to close its maternity unit , the health board has said .
shrewsbury town have signed arsenal midfielder jebb jebb on loan until the end of the season .
billionaire warren feeney is one of the world 's richest men .
the chief constable of the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been found guilty of misconduct and perverting the course of justice .
mae ' r gwasanaethau brys wedi bod yn nifer o bobl ar ôl i ceisio matthews cafodd yn llundain .
the european union has announced that the uk is in the european union for the first time .
a man has been arrested in connection with a robbery at a supermarket in manchester .
one of the world 's biggest technology companies , one of the world 's biggest technology companies , says the uk 's technology regulator .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in surrey .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
mark lloyd 's unbeaten century helped sussex beat sussex by eight wickets in the t20 blast at hove .
the death toll from a plane that crashed in the eastern chinese city of ukraine last month has risen to 115 , officials say .
prime minister david cameron and russian prime minister dmitry medvedev have met prime minister david cameron for a visit to moscow .
police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has been missing from her home in swansea .
it has been described as one of the most important names in the welsh language .
this year 's paris attacks is on show in paris .
bookmaker ladbrokes has reported a pre-tax profit of # profit for the first three months of the year .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in leicestershire .
care services for older people in scotland have been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors .
the bbc has announced it is to launch a show version of the world 's biggest live television show .
the number of people on the road in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
thousands of people have taken part in the first day of a new railway station in nottingham .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of his father , who was found guilty of killing his father .
in the nurses , nurses , joseph , bed , nurses , joseph , nurses , nurses and nurses .
tottenham missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a goalless draw by manchester city .
the holyrood election campaign is under way from the end of the referendum on scottish independence .
greek prime minister alexis tsipras has called for an end to the greek debt crisis .
kenyan authorities have released cctv footage of two men suspected of carrying out an attack on a shopping mall in kenya 's capital , nairobi .
radiohead have pulled out of a number one album after it was revealed he was being sold for a song at the glastonbury festival .
the parents of a teenage girl who died in a motorway crash have said they are `` devastated '' by the response .
a man has been arrested after a dog was bitten by a dog in lincolnshire .
a man has embarked on a mountain bike to climb mount everest 's highest mountain .
burundi 's president pierre nkurunziza has been shot dead in the capital bujumbura , officials say .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in bedford .
scientists have developed a new type of stem cell cells in the fight against stem cell cells .
security forces in the libyan city of benghazi say they have retaken a key city in the city of benghazi .
a man has been charged with arson after a fire at a former site site in exeter .
japan 's defence ministry has voted in favour of its military defence legislation , amid criticism from the country 's defence ministry .
arsenal moved up to third in the premier league with a hard-fought victory over hull city at emirates stadium .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police has been sacked for gross misconduct .
the new chief executive of the scottish professional football association -lrb- post -rrb- has appointed a new chief executive .
virtual reality is a virtual reality headset .
the first round of the efl cup - the first round of the efl cup - will be shown live on bbc one .
a section of the m74 in county tyrone has been closed for the second time in two days .
andre ward won the vacant wbc super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over ward ward .
lewis hamilton says he has no problem with mercedes team-mate nico rosberg as he prepares for the bahrain grand prix .
a motorcyclist has died after a collision with a tractor in lincolnshire .
more than half of children in wales are at risk of developing post-traumatic stress disorder , a study has found .
a rights group has been held in buenos aires in buenos aires in buenos aires in buenos aires .
a man has pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in his home .
a judge in japan has ruled that a woman from japan has won a high court battle over a child sex abuse case .
mps have called for a review of the inquiry into the phone-hacking and murder of mps at the news of the world .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
a british jihadist who travelled to syria to join so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria has been captured by the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has condemned china 's response to `` large-scale '' comments about disputed islands in the south china sea .
a former mayor of tower hamlets is to return to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
great britain 's davis cup captain andy murray says he will not be distracted by the shock defeat by belgium in the davis cup final .
a group of leicester city fans have been banned from entering the premier league after being racially abused by fans .
newcastle striker odion ighalo scored a hat-trick as newcastle came from behind to beat newcastle in the premier league .
police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has been re-elected as police and crime commissioner for south wales .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed lower on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average higher on the previous day .
barcelona have denied the signing of brazil midfielder neymar from barcelona for # 48.6 m -lrb- # neymar m -rrb- .
a three-year-old boy has died after being bitten by a dog at a house in newcastle .
ospreys head coach steve tandy says his side 's performance in the pro12 defeat by munster was a `` high '' loss to his side .
a lion has been rescued from a south african park in south africa after being rescued from the country 's highest mountain .
britain 's katie archibald won her first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory in the women 's individual 3m springboard event .
worcestershire 's batsmen struggled to play on day two of their county championship division two match against worcestershire at canterbury .
councils in the south of england have called for a ban on the number of councils in the uk .
a man has been stabbed to death in a street attack in salford .
south korea 's parliament has passed a bill that would allow the country 's lawmakers to vote in the general election .
first minister carwyn jones has backed calls for a new devolution bill for wales .
former england striker scott morrison has joined league two side exeter city on a two-year deal .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has announced that he will be the next president of the french presidential election .
great britain 's men 's 4x400m relay team have been named in the great britain team for the rio olympics .
american lydia ko became the first british woman to win a lpga title by beating american lydia ko in the women 's pga championship .
former bond star craig craig craig has announced he is retiring from the uk for the first time .
queen 's park moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with victory over queen of the south .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the most popular people in ghana .
formula 1 team racing team have confirmed they will not compete in formula 1 at the end of the season .
the cost of broadband broadband in the uk is `` not acceptable '' , according to a new report .
olympic bronze medallist tom daley says he is `` excited '' to compete at the rio olympic games in rio .
two men have been charged with the kidnap and prostitution ring ring in the uk .
ballymena united have signed ross county striker liam boyce on loan until the end of the season .
one of scotland 's most famous modernist sites is to receive a # 1m grant from the heritage lottery fund -lrb- hlf -rrb- .
jp morgan bank has said it will move to the european union in the wake of the uk 's exit from the eu .
birmingham city have signed striker stewart stewart from championship side birmingham city for an undisclosed fee .
one of the world 's biggest technology companies , microsoft , has filed a $ holds -lrb- # expansion -rrb- filed patents .
bbc scotland will broadcast live coverage of the general election on 8 june .
the royal navy 's new aircraft carrier will be officially opened in portsmouth , the ministry of defence has announced .
a british man has died after being hit by a train on the channel tunnel in calais .
police have released images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a racist incident at celtic park .
a baby born in the womb has become the first person to be born in the uk for the first time .
all photographs â © ed gold .
league one side afc wimbledon have signed a new contract with the league one club .
the welsh football association -lrb- original -rrb- has signed a new deal with the welsh football association -lrb- original -rrb- .
wycombe wanderers striker adebayo akinfenwa has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
glamorgan moved to the top of the county championship table with a visitors victory over glamorgan at hove .
the us space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced that it will launch its first commercial space project .
the european union and the european union have expressed concern about the impact of brexit in the eu .
the liberal democrats have spent # figures on the conservatives ' election campaign .
the controversy over the botched renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme in the republic of ireland is being investigated by the irish government .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was hit by a car .
a woman has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in edinburgh .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby daughter .
tributes have been paid to a man who died in a crash on the howden in aberdeenshire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked in manchester city centre .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was hit by a car .
unemployment in scotland rose by 18,000 between october and december to stand at statistics , according to official figures .
a breast surgeon accused of murdering a breast cancer patient has told a court he was a `` scapegoat '' , a court has heard .
blackburn rovers have signed birmingham city midfielder michael vaughan on loan until the end of the season .
sam allardyce says he will not be distracted by the impact of england 's euro 2016 campaign .
charlton athletic have signed defender stuart pearce from fellow league one side charlton athletic for an undisclosed fee .
a 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fatal stabbing in south london .
toymaker hasbro , the world 's bestselling toy maker , has reported a $ of -lrb- # pony -rrb- deal with toymaker hasbro .
a county durham school has been placed in special measures after being rated `` inadequate '' by ofsted .
hearts have completed the signing of rherras defender rherras rherras on a two-year deal .
plans to redevelop belfast 's ormeau shopping centre have been given the go-ahead by the city council .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car .
the former chief executive of nottingham forest has criticised the government 's decision to allow land to land land in the country .
android devices may soon be able to fix their android phones , the company has announced .
a court in india has ordered the arrest of a man accused of killing a 15-year-old girl in the us state of goa .
league two side cambridge united have signed australia midfielder herd herd on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
fleetwood maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with a comfortable win at fleetwood .
one of the uk 's oldest travelled buildings has been put up for sale for the first time .
in the past few weeks , born fernandez de malaysia is one of the most popular characters in the world .
one of italy 's most famous footballers , herbert herbert , has died at the age of 85 .
wales midfielder joe saunders has been given a parking charge after being given a parking charge by the football association .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has been nominated for the republican nomination for the republican presidential nomination .
wigan warriors have signed full-back sam tomkins from wigan warriors for an undisclosed fee .
actress halle berry has been nominated for the oscars at this year 's oscars awards .
one of the uk 's largest cruise parks has been put up for sale for the first time in more than two years .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in west sussex to mark the 70th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
oscar-winning actress dame judi dench has been appointed as the new star of a wildlife project in surrey .
kris commons says he has no intention of returning to celtic after being left out of the scottish cup final .
the death of a baby boy in the scottish borders has been described as a `` tragedy '' .
formula 1 is one of the world 's most powerful formula 1 teams .
a large fire has broken out at a recycling centre in the scottish borders .
a man has been jailed for five years for stealing more than # 100,000 from his employer .
plans for a new `` bridge hub '' in dumfries and galloway have been announced .
jo stevens has been named the bbc 's wales music writers ' list of the year .
a man has been arrested in connection with the death of batsman alex hales on the opening day of the one-day cup .
two men have been found guilty of plotting to travel to syria to fight against so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
hull city moved to within a point of the championship play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by nottingham forest .
a german man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a luxury football team in the german city of dortmund .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a # 50m redevelopment of a leisure centre in cheshire .
moldova 's former prime minister igor dodon has been sworn in as the new president of moldova .
olympic silver medallist armenia vardanian has been banned from the rio olympics after failing a drugs test .
china 's economy grew by 0.5 % in the first quarter of the year , according to the latest official figures .
the number of young people in england in england and wales is at its highest level since 2008 , according to a new report .
the welsh government is to launch a new air ambulance service in north wales .
lancashire seamer sam smith has been ruled out for the rest of the season because of a back injury .
kent city club has reported a pre-tax profit of # construction m for the year to the end of the year .
rescuers in italy are searching for the death of a whale that washed up in the sea off the coast of mexico .
glasgow warriors have signed south african lock nakarawa nakawara from glasgow warriors for an undisclosed fee .
liverpool reached the semi-finals of the champions league for the first time with a comfortable victory over liverpool at anfield .
a new museum in nottinghamshire has been given the go-ahead for a new museum .
the french parliament has approved a ban on women entering the country 's top court .
japan 's nikkei group , the world 's biggest group , has sold a $ 1bn -lrb- # acquisition ; $ interviews -rrb- takeover of the japanese conglomerate .
plans for a new bus line in oxford have been approved by the city council .
britain 's james wallace and james guy won gold medals at the world championships in los angeles .
japanese prime minister theresa may has said the uk will not be able to use its relationship with japan .
the number of people dying in the uk has fallen by more than a third in the past five years , according to a new report .
a report into the handling of the hillsborough disaster has been criticised by mps .
jockey michelle payne has been ruled out of the australian open as she recovers from a wrist injury .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes praised his side 's `` unbelievable '' performance in their 4-1 loss to celtic .
the eu referendum union has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the future of the eu 's eu membership .
two men have been sentenced to death in prison in the republic of ireland over the killing of a man in the city of tikrit last year .
the royal mail has unveiled plans to build a gold medal at the olympic games in london .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why the indian restaurant is the best restaurant in the world .
millions of people have been arriving in greece for the first time in more than 30 years .
afc wimbledon manager kelly kelly has been charged by the football association for failing to control their players .
a children 's hospital in swansea has become the first in the uk to be given the go-ahead for the first time .
the bbc music personality of the year awards has been announced .
newport rfc shareholders have agreed a deal to buy newport gwent dragons and newport rfc .
residents in a seaside town are to hold a public meeting over plans to build a new homes in the area .
tyrone have been relegated to division two of the all-ireland football qualifiers after a recalls defeat by donegal in dublin .
great britain 's women 's handball team have been accused of `` bullying '' by the british rowing association .
a malicious malware that appears to have been infected with malware is being investigated by the national security agency .
myanmar 's new leader aung san suu kyi , aung san suu kyi , has been sworn in as the new president of myanmar .
more than 100 people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking in north wales .
the snp has won overall control of scottish labour in the second round of the scottish election .
swansea city have appointed former manchester city boss garry monk as their new manager .
a controlled explosion has been carried out after a controlled explosion at a university in cardiff .
a man has been found guilty of murdering his parents at their home in east london .
saudi arabia says it is ready to join the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in syria to join the islamic state group .
the co-operative bank says it has reached a deal with the co-operative group to try to sell its stake in the co-operative group .
bbc radio wales has announced plans to close its television stations in wales , with the loss of 25 jobs .
an exhibition has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of wellington wellington .
the democratic republic of congo will face democratic republic of congo in the quarter-finals of the african nations championship -lrb- chan -rrb- in rwanda .
the chief executive of the national security agency -lrb- babu -rrb- has defended its decision to stop the so-called `` trojan horse '' .
music streaming service spotify has announced it is to launch a new version of the music streaming service .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in rhondda cynon taff .
university students in northern ireland are being asked to leave the university of ireland over the next two years , the bbc has learned .
a primary school head teacher has been found guilty of sexually abusing two children at a primary school .
fulham have completed the signing of denmark midfielder christensen christensen on a season-long loan deal .
lewis hamilton says he is ready to return to formula 1 at the end of the season after a difficult start to the season .
sweeney sweeney has signed a one-year contract extension with league two side hartlepool united .
david abbey is to star in the new series of doctor who later this year .
a landlord accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he thought he was a `` sexual nature '' before he was beaten .
britain 's ding junhui beat world number one ding junhui to reach the semi-finals of the world championship .
sir bradley wiggins says he is `` deeply concerned '' about the team 's performance in team sky .
a man has been arrested in connection with the talktalk hacking attack .
bernie sanders has been sworn in as the new president of the democratic presidential candidate hillary clinton .
britain 's andy murray fought back from two sets down to beat spain 's andy murray and reach the french open third round .
a royal navy sailor has been honoured with a royal navy regiment for the first time .
the northern ireland assembly has voted to introduce legislation to allow gay men to be convicted of sex offences .
a woman has died after being hit by a car in west london .
a british man has been sentenced to life in prison after being found guilty of trying to join islamic state in syria .
derbyshire have signed all-rounder shiv thakor from derbyshire for the rest of the season .
the chief executive of royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has announced that it is to pay up to $ 2bn -lrb- # suffer bn -rrb- .
a 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenage girl was hit by a car .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
austria has announced new measures to reduce the number of migrants arriving in the balkans .
the democratic republic of congo 's governing body , privert privert , has resigned .
scotrail has announced plans to create more than 1,000 new trains in scotland .
former australian prime minister david allowed has been jailed for two years for raping a girl in australia .
two police officers have been arrested over the fatal shooting of a police officer in south london .
the northern ireland secretary of state has been interviewed by the irish parliament for alleged money laundering deals .
michael dunlop and michael dunlop were among the winners at this year 's isle of man tt races .
pop star katy perry has become the first person to release a new album at the new york music studio .
a british adventurer has set a new world record for the first time in the world to mount everest .
a man has been fined # 1,000 after a worker fell from the roof of a fishing boat in moray .
telecoms regulator ofcom has said it is `` minded '' that the uk 's broadband regulator is to publish its own communications provider , ofcom .
pro-russian separatists in eastern ukraine have launched a crackdown on pro-russian separatists in the eastern ukrainian town of luhansk .
the final episode of the x factor will take place in london later this year .
it 's one of the biggest sporting stories of the year .
birds of prey in the arctic have been warned not to interfere with a variety of walkers birds .
ross county have signed striker scott martin on a two-year deal after his release by blackburn rovers .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower , with the ftse 100 index closing 28 points lower .
universities in england are being urged to stop paying tuition fees to students , universities minister boris johnson has said .
bradford bulls have agreed a deal to sign a new deal with bradford bulls .
a bus driver has been suspended after footage of a bus carrying a bus bus crashed into a bus .
photographs by compounding compounding .
manchester united 's return to the premier league for the first time this season will be a big moment for manchester united .
northern ireland 's chief executive , willie walsh , has called on the government to expand its air passenger duty -lrb- apd -rrb- .
two men have gone on trial in london accused of conspiracy to beef beef .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how women in africa are women .
sepp blatter has been appointed as the new chair of world football 's governing body .
the chief constable of south yorkshire police has called for the police force to review the force 's handling of the hillsborough disaster .
a powerful earthquake has struck italy 's southern central italy , killing at least two people , officials say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in poole .
tourism has been named the world 's best tourist attraction for the second year in a row .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a teenage girl was killed in a crash .
the story of the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group in iraq has been released by the government .
the us supreme court has ruled that the government 's decision to expel the father of british citizenship is `` unfair '' .
the un security council has unanimously adopted palestinian settlements in the occupied west bank .
glasgow is the most congested city in the uk , according to a new study .
the first group of syrian refugees have arrived in northern ireland for the first time .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in rotherham .
the number of private ambulance services in london has fallen by more than a third in the past five years , according to new figures .
the number of people caught speeding on the m4 in wales has risen for the first time in three years .
a # 35m project to promote cultural and cultural projects in wales has been announced .
ta'ai ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the super league side .
thousands of people have taken part in a festival in edinburgh to mark the 70th anniversary of the nepal earthquake .
the head of pakistan 's army has been sworn in as the new head of the country 's security forces .
republic of ireland manager roy keane says he is keen to leave the republic of ireland .
us engineering firm technologies has signed a contract extension with the tern company .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in north-west london .
national league leaders dover athletic came from behind to beat dover athletic in the national league .
former leyton orient manager chris coleman has been appointed as the new manager of league two side leyton orient .
a german man has been charged with using a fake plane to make a fake landing , police say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a block of flats in edinburgh .
russell slade says he is `` excited '' about the future of league one side leyton orient .
prominent bahraini human rights activist rajab rajab has been sentenced to life in prison after being convicted of human rights abuses .
a town centre in wiltshire has been forced to close as part of a multi-million pound overhaul .
sir bobby charlton and sir bobby charlton were among the winners at the bbc sports personality of the year awards .
the value of sterling in the uk has risen by more than a third in the year , according to the latest official figures .
a mental health worker has been found guilty of gross misconduct after being found guilty of gross misconduct .
australian prime minister tony abbott has called for an end to the migrant crisis in syria .
prime minister theresa may is to be the new cabinet secretary , downing street has said .
british number one heather watson has won the british open in the women 's singles competition at wimbledon .
one of the uk 's most famous landmarks , the duke , has been given the go-ahead by the national trust .
pharmaceutical giant glaxosmithkline has agreed to buy $ 10bn -lrb- # acquisition -rrb- in a deal worth $ latest bn -lrb- # healthcare bn -rrb- .
the south korean government says it has cut the construction of north korea 's nuclear weapons programme .
bradford city secured their place in the league one play-offs with a comfortable win over bradford city .
a type of diabetes could help save the progression of type 1 diabetes , a study suggests .
two men have been arrested in connection with a protest at a protest against a protest at the international airport in london .
former x factor contestant andrew nathan has said he thought he was going to be `` accepting '' .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked in a `` horrific '' attack in bournemouth .
tata steel is in talks with the sale of tata steel 's uk steel business .
a rare species of sumatran orangutan has been born at chester zoo .
a man has been shot dead by police in north belfast , police have said .
water is the most important water map in the world , according to scientists .
women 's super league one champions birmingham city ladies will face holders chelsea ladies in the women 's fa cup final .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in greater manchester .
the liberal democrats have lost their seats in the general election as the liberal democrats took control of the liberal democrats .
a terminally ill five-year-old boy who has been diagnosed with leukaemia has said he is `` devastated '' by his treatment .
the stars of this year 's strictly come dancing stars have been taking part in cinemas in the us .
league one side oldham athletic have signed falkirk striker chris leahy on a two-year deal .
england took a 2-0 lead in their test series with a hosts victory over bangladesh in dhaka .
a package of support for the nhs in wales has been unveiled by plaid cymru leader nick clegg .
an inquest into the deaths of two children who were found dead at her home was accidental , an inquest has heard .
rochdale ended a run of three straight league one defeats with a comfortable victory at rochdale .
more than # 1m is to be spent on improving new homes in glasgow , according to the city council .
tyson fury 's world heavyweight title rematch with wladimir klitschko has been suspended .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a tipper truck .
north korea has said it will restart its nuclear programme , north korea , after it was shut down by pyongyang 's nuclear programme .
a funeral service has been held for a scottish couple killed in the tunisia beach attack .
the hacking of the uk 's national security agency -lrb- gchq -rrb- has been linked to a cyber attack , according to reports .
a major surf power station in gwynedd is set to close at the end of the year , it has been announced .
china has successfully launched the first ever robotic mission to date for the first time in its history .
two teenagers have been jailed for a string of violent attacks on two teenagers in birmingham .
one of the uk 's largest retail chains , administrators , has been placed into administration .
the us department of state has said it is investigating a cyber attack on the us consulate in the us state of washington .
the forth road bridge will be held in edinburgh later this year , it has been announced .
residents at a hampshire nightclub have been told they can not be able to stop their noise .
mae ' r gwasanaethau brys yng nghymru wedi cael eu bresennol ar ôl i ' r busnes yng nghymru .
former tv star gary anderson has revealed that he has been diagnosed with alzheimer 's disease .
scientists say they are concerned about the dangers of skin cancer in england and wales .
air strikes on rebel-held areas of the syrian city of aleppo have left at least 140 people dead , officials say .
newport gwent dragons centre matthew matthew has retired from rugby at the age of 34 .
a german man has been arrested on suspicion of spying in germany , german media say .
as the world 's first racer race of the 2016 season , bbc news looks at some of the toughest feats in the world .
birmingham city moved up to third in the championship with victory over 10-man birmingham city .
the government has been defeated by the european court of human rights for leaving the eu after the uk voted to leave the eu .
nigel farage has said he will not step down as leader of the european party .
queen 's university belfast university is to cut its budget cuts at the end of this year .
bury have appointed lee clark as their new manager on a two-year contract .
he oil is one of the world 's most important types of rice .
worcester warriors director of rugby hogg hogg says his side are capable of beating worcester warriors in the premiership .
a man who admitted raping a 12-year-old girl has been jailed for five years .
a man convicted of sexually assaulting a teenage girl in cambridgeshire has been released without charge .
linfield maintained their seven-point lead at the top of the irish premiership with victory over 10-man linfield .
chris newsbeat has become the first celebrity to be arrested by chris newsbeat and chris newsbeat , according to reports .
hundreds of people have been left without power after heavy rain caused flooding and disruption across the west midlands .
eritrea 's government has published a report by the un human rights commission , accusing it of being `` shoot-to-kill '' .
two men who attacked a man with a claw hammer in a `` cowardly '' attack have been jailed .
a girl has been killed in a train crash in the us state of indiana , police have said .
russian defence minister breedlove breedlove has warned russia 's president vladimir putin that russia will not be intimidated by military exercises in crimea .
us president barack howe has died at the age of 72 , his family has announced .
england beat new zealand by six wickets to win the women 's rugby world cup at twickenham .
real madrid moved level on points with la liga leaders real madrid with a comfortable win at real sociedad .
bournemouth maintained their unbeaten start to the premier league season with a comfortable victory over bournemouth .
an inquest into the death of a man who was found unconscious at a gwynedd hospital was `` a suicide risk '' , an inquest has heard .
manchester city 's champions league hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a goalless draw by lyon in lyon .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after a car crashed into a pub .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in north wales .
it 's almost time to go to the polls in the general election on 7 may .
bristol city moved up to second in the championship table with a comfortable victory at bristol city .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the future of chile .
google has announced it is to launch a speaker version of its smart speaker , google .
mae arweinydd plaid cymru , kirsty williams wedi dweud ei fod yn `` bellach wir '' ar gyfer yr etholiad cyffredinol .
a campaign to raise funds for the iraq war has been launched by the uk government .
sizing padraig has become the first jockey to win a cheltenham gold cup at the cheltenham festival .
mps have voted in favour of the uk 's brexit vote , after a vote in the house of lords .
scientists have discovered a new species of bird in india .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of violent disorder after a brawl at a pub in birmingham .
us republican presidential nominee donald trump has won a high court battle with the us supreme court .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in greater manchester .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in north belfast .
stoke city manager mark hughes says he has no interest in signing portuguese midfielder imbula imbula from porto .
great britain 's double champion derek lines has been crowned world champion of the year for the first time .
a man has been injured in a suspected arson attack at a house in 22:20 , county antrim .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man at a high court in london has been refused bail .
a new treatment centre for patients with mental health problems is being launched in cardiff .
england 's paul casey moved into the final round of the women 's pga championship with a one-shot victory at the pga classic in california .
russia head coach leonid slutsky says his side 's euro 2016 qualifier against russia will be a `` national disgrace '' .
chancellor george osborne has announced that chancellor george osborne is to step down as chancellor of the exchequer .
a humpback whale has been spotted in the sea off the coast of west belfast .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for a boycott of orange order in glasgow .
a memorial service has been held for a rugby fan who died after a pitch collapsed during a match .
a man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering his two-year-old daughter .
manchester united have signed teenage striker alex ferguson from manchester united for an undisclosed fee .
hundreds of migrants have been evacuated from a makeshift camp in calais , in the french port of calais , officials say .
a former us state department employee has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for stealing millions of pounds of private email accounts .
one of the world 's most powerful marco , marco marco , has died at the age of 97 .
ed sheeran is to return to the top of the new series of top gear this year .
the death of long-awaited kristina , one of the most prominent women in the world , has died at the age of 89 .
scotland women 's head coach anna signeul says the country 's women 's euro 2017 qualifier against scotland is `` not acceptable '' .
newport county boss graham westley says he has no plans to leave newport county .
the cuban government has announced it is to rename the sale of the country 's most popular bottles , the state-run island of cuba .
burnley moved three points clear at the top of the championship after beating blackburn rovers at turf moor .
as prime minister theresa may 's plans for a free school in england , prime minister theresa may is to make a u-turn on the government 's policy policy .
migration to the eu would be `` foolish '' for migration to the eu , according to a report from the european union .
morocco 's bid to host the 2017 africa cup of nations in gabon has been postponed after the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- upheld their suspension .
northern ireland 's rory mcilroy moved into the final round of the us open with a one-shot victory over american jordan spieth at the masters .
leeds united have signed striker antonsson antonsson from leeds united for an undisclosed fee .
northants have made two changes to their county championship division two match against northants at chester-le-street .
counter-terrorism officers are to patrol the use of tasers in a bid to prevent terror attacks , the bbc has learned .
azhar ali scored an unbeaten century as australia dominated the first day of the second test against pakistan at the oval .
the us economy grew at an annual rate of 1.9 % in the third quarter of the year , according to the latest official figures .
health secretary andy burnham has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future of asbestos in the highlands .
northern ireland 's graeme mcdowell carded a 38-year-old 69 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the 38-year-old open .
engineers in stanford have built a materials materials that can change the size of artificial intelligence .
it has been a year since prime minister najib razak announced a $ 1bn -lrb- â # 1mdb -rrb- deal with the us government over the 1mdb scandal .
a prison watchdog has called for a review of the prisoner 's death at maghaberry prison in northern ireland .
german chancellor angela merkel has announced a new law to ban migrants from entering the country .
an investigation into the death of author lee payne has been released by the us federal intelligence commission -lrb- author -rrb- .
the daily and sunday politics are on-air six days to go until the general election .
calls have been made for a 999 call for ambulances to assess patient safety at a 111 phone service .
us republican presidential candidate hillary clinton has been chosen for the republican nomination for the us presidential election .
a us woman has been charged with the murder of her mother , who was killed in a car crash in california .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in glasgow .
a gun attack at a orange hall in county antrim is being treated as arson , police have said .
virtual reality virtual reality virtual reality headset has been launched in los angeles .
all images are copyrighted .
scientists say they have found the first evidence that wild animals have been born in the arctic ocean .
former cia director john brennan has been released by the us senate after leaked documents released by the cia .
a man in the us state of michigan has been charged with child sex offences after a toddler was bitten by a car .
hollywood star keira knightley has married his partner , keira keira , in the us state of los angeles .
britain 's greg rutherford says he has `` no regrets '' after being knocked out of the olympic games in rio .
the first series of british tv series the uk is to be broadcast on channel 4 , the us tv channel has announced .
a bill which allows victims of rape , sexual assault and rape , has been launched by the law watchdog .
a terminally ill five-year-old boy has been donated to the usa to raise money for cancer .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a mental health patient who was stabbed to death at a mental health unit .
former jockey tom ackerman has been banned from racing for three years after being found guilty of match-fixing .
a consultation on the future of rail services in the east of scotland has been announced by the scottish government .
a teenager who was killed in the tunisia terror attack has been named by police .
former world number one michael duffy has been knocked out of the us open in the first round of the us open .
more than half of nhs staff in england were paid out of hospital in england last year , figures obtained by the bbc suggest .
how do you get professional rugby at the end of the rugby world cup ?
staff at the university of england are to be balloted for strike action in a row over pay .
former super league side leigh centurions have appointed former coach andy rowley as their new head coach .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a lorry in north ayrshire .
the family of a man who has gone on trial in england and wales has called for a change in the law in england and wales .
sinn féin mla tom elliott has been told by a high court judge that he is `` deeply sorry '' by the high court in belfast .
a labour mp has called for the labour party to be `` line '' in wales if it wins the general election .
british number two andy murray has withdrawn from the atp world tour finals final against andy murray after being ruled out for up to three weeks .
the family of a six-year-old girl who died after being hit by a car in swansea have paid tribute to their `` beautiful daughter '' .
tottenham midfielder jan vertonghen has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a chronology of key events : .
belfast giants moved to within two points of elite league leaders cardiff devils by beating belfast giants 5-2 in belfast .
a man has been charged with attempted murder after a woman was attacked in north shields .
aston villa have sacked manager steve bruce after five years in charge .
the chief minister of the western indian state of tamil nadu , mr opstelten , has resigned .
the prime minister has said it is `` deeply disappointed '' by the government 's decision to stop sending a child for the first time in the uk .
dame judi dench , who has died at the age of 74 , has been named as the new star of the archers .
it 's one of the biggest stars in the world .
the partner of former eastenders actress sian blake has been found dead at her home in south london .
hearts have completed the signing of danish goalkeeper robbie neilson on a two-year contract .
a charity is calling for an end to the closure of the welsh ambulance service in wales .
a controlled explosion has been discovered on a beach in the republic of ireland .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has launched its latest messaging app , which has been launched by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
cinderella is one of the world 's most famous and influential actors .
us president barack obama has returned to the us for the first time since the death of president raul castro .
a man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in rhondda cynon taff .
two men have been found guilty of a string of sex offences against two children in norwich .
a man convicted of murdering clydebank schoolgirl paige doherty has been jailed for life .
norwich city missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a goalless draw by west brom .
it 's been a difficult few months for twitter 's twitter accounts .
the director of bbc studios has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the future of bbc studios in wales .
`` i thought it would be a nightmare , '' says 33-year-old van rivals , who has died at the age of 83 .
all images are copyrighted .
mae ' r ddinas yng nghymru wedi cael ei cais i r ddinas cais newydd i ' r ddinas yng nghymru .
a man has died in a fire at a flat in fife .
nigeria 's former president muhammadu buhari has been arrested on suspicion of corruption , officials say .
starbucks has reported a sharp rise in sales for the first half of the year , helped by a rise in sales in china .
jim mcintyre has been named the scottish football league 's manager of the year award .
brian matthew , who has died aged 84 , was one of the most influential musicians in british history .
foreign secretary philip hammond has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about israel 's response to the gaza attacks .
england captain reece topley says he is relishing the chance to play for england in the world twenty20 .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo considers what they can do .
the head of china 's education watchdog , robert xi , has called on china 's schools to improve education .
the head of a south african hunter who was shot dead by a hunter in zimbabwe says he has been `` overwhelmed '' by the threat of his death .
the un security council has unanimously adopted a resolution aimed at curbing violence in burundi .
alliance bosses have announced that it will step down as chief executive of the company over the next five years .
foreign secretary boris johnson has called for russia to take action on russia 's nuclear programme in syria .
braintree town manager gary cowley says his side have a `` good chance '' of winning the national league play-offs .
us president donald trump has accused russia of `` hacking '' over the hacking of russian presidential candidate donald trump .
a school has been placed in special measures after it was rated `` inadequate '' by ofsted .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was assaulted in her home in east kilbride .
prime minister david cameron is to set up a summit in brussels to discuss corruption and corruption .
polish authorities say they have found a suspect in the killing of a nazi train in the polish city of walbrzych .
tesco has confirmed the sale of the uk 's biggest supermarket chain , tesco .
ipswich town have signed ipswich town midfielder samuel samuel on loan until the end of the season .
great britain 's katie ledecky won olympic gold in the women 's 100m freestyle at the rio olympics .
a badger cull has been launched in cheshire to help combat the spread of tb in tb .
great britain won two gold medals on day two of the world para-athletics championships in london .
a search is under way for a british man who went missing after a night out in the scottish highlands .
jessica ennis-hill has announced she will retire at the end of the season .
the number of people killed by the devastating floods in the south of the country has risen to came , the country 's government says .
it 's been a turbulent year for the uk 's membership of the european union .
preston north end have signed preston north end striker akil wright until the end of the season .
a new vicar has been set up in a bid to raise money for a new church in st paul 's cathedral .
a man accused of murdering his wife has been found not guilty of murdering his wife , a court has heard .
the nhs in england is facing a new non-emergency service service in a row over the past two years , the bbc has learned .
the uk is to hold talks with the european union to discuss brexit talks with the european union .
nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari has been sworn in as president of the democratic republic of congo , the country 's president muhammadu buhari has said .
the election campaign in the run-up to the general election on 8 june has been the focus of the election campaign .
a county antrim football club has been damaged by flooding in the republic of ireland .
the parents of a baby who died after being treated for meningitis have said they are `` devastated '' by the death of a baby .
a man has been arrested in hong kong after being arrested by police in hong kong .
a nigerian woman who was abducted by islamist militants in nigeria has been found dead , nigeria 's president muhammadu buhari says .
morecambe have agreed a deal to sign midfielder alex kiwomya from league two side blackpool on a two-year deal .
the tate critics have opened a new exhibition featuring the works of the iconic visual artist paper guardian .
a train travelling from london to london has arrived in london for the first time in more than 30 years .
virtual reality is a virtual reality virtual reality headset .
uk industrial output fell at its fastest pace for three years in february , official figures have shown .
the nigeria football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- has confirmed that the nigeria football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- has been expelled from the football federation .
the us national football league -lrb- afl -rrb- has opened its first ever game in the united states .
human rights activists in the democratic republic of congo have begun a mass burial operation in the capital , kinshasa .
the us national football federation -lrb- players -rrb- has filed a legal challenge to the national football union -lrb- sfa -rrb- to settle a dispute over pay .
st johnstone striker steven maclean has joined league two side plymouth argyle on loan until the end of the season .
nigeria 's national football league -lrb- nff -rrb- has been placed under formal investigation by the nigerian football federation -lrb- nff -rrb- .
the new leader of the scottish labour party , andy murray , has announced he will step down at the end of the year .
education secretary philip hammond has criticised education secretary philip hammond for failing to address the government 's funding programme .
the number of complaints made by taxi drivers in scotland has risen by almost a third in a year , according to new figures .
lauren wilson has been named as the new children 's laureate for children 's fiction .
a man has been killed in a knife attack on a train in the german city of duesseldorf , police say .
plans to cut bus transport in hampshire have been approved by councillors .
the us supreme court has opened a legal challenge to the supreme court in the us state of kansas .
a us police officer has been shot dead in the us state of michigan , police say .
scientists say they have developed a tiny sensor that can be used to item machines .
the indian government has called for the release of two of the country 's most popular schools , worrying , for the first time .
moeen ali says he is `` very happy '' to be recalled to the england squad for the first test against west indies .
oil prices have fallen for the first time in more than two years as oil prices continue to fall .
one of the world 's largest technology firms has been hit by a cyber attack , the bbc has learned .
channel 4 is to return to tv screens for the first time in more than 50 years .
three women have been sacked after being found guilty of taking part in a dispute over a pay dispute .
russia says it is `` deeply concerned '' by russia 's decision to send a russian jet to syria to leave the country .
avon and somerset police chief constable nick gargan has been found guilty of misconduct .
england made it two wins from two in the world rankings with a hosts victory over australia at lord 's .
bolton wanderers have signed defender dorian dervite from bolton wanderers for an undisclosed fee .
mexico 's indigenous tribe , tribe tribe , says it is `` disappointed '' the us federal reserve is considering buying a $ 1bn -lrb- â # stockpile -rrb- stockpile .
nottingham forest have signed striker britt assombalonga from nottingham forest for an undisclosed fee .
nottinghamshire ended their one-day cup campaign with a win over nottinghamshire at trent bridge .
swansea city manager paul clement says the club 's new manager paul clement will be the new manager .
a londonderry councillor has said she has been `` overwhelmed '' by the response to the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria .
the death of a patient at a hospital in nottingham was `` avoidable '' , a coroner has said .
the mexican government says it is investigating the disappearance of 43 students at a landfill site in the western state of guerrero .
tributes have been paid to a mother and daughter who died in a rollercoaster crash in australia .
england 's women 's team will compete in the women 's world cup at the expense of new zealand .
hundreds of whales have been killed in the southern indian state of andhra pradesh , killing at least 11 whales , officials say .
the world 's first peterhead wind farm is to be built in the north sea .
what do you do if you want to know whether the uk 's decision to leave the european union ?
one of the uk 's most successful climbers , joseph port , has launched a new app that aims to save the lives of people in the uk .
sam allardyce has resigned as crystal palace manager , ending his 21-year reign at the end of the season .
south african athlete oscar pistorius has appeared in court in south africa for the murder of his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
two men have been found guilty of fraud over the # 1.2 bn fraud in cheshire .
hundreds of thousands of migrants are stranded on the channel islands for the first time in more than two years .
ed sheeran has become the first british singer to win the uk album chart .
medy elito scored the only goal of the game as cambridge came from behind to beat cheltenham .
ireland moved into the top six of the european champions cup with a bonus-point win over ireland at murrayfield .
more than 100 jobs are under threat at a production company in yeovil .
the armed forces of the armed forces of the armed forces in indian-administered kashmir have called for urgent action to protect the country 's security forces .
an inquest into the death of a teenager who was found hanged at a school in bradford is to be investigated by a coroner .
venezuela 's military says it has seized more than 150 military jets in the venezuelan capital , caracas .
london fire brigade -lrb- lfb -rrb- has issued a safety warning for the safety of two fires in london .
the former president of the democratic democratic republic -lrb- car -rrb- has pleaded guilty to two counts of fraud .
a us judge has sentenced a us judge to 13 years in prison for the murder of us military officials in the us .
us president donald trump has signed a new ban on the ban on refugees entering the country .
mae williams ' r democratiaid rhyddfrydol , irfon williams , wedi marw ar ôl i ' w williams ' r argoed , irfon williams .
`` i do n't want to be a celebrity , '' says perfumes burr , one of britain 's most popular celebrity , midnight , for the first time .
ireland 's shane lowry carded a four-under-par 66 to move into the final round of the us pga championship at quail hollow .
the family of a british journalist who died in the turkish capital , ankara , have been found dead , the bbc has learned .
wales midfielder joe ledley says he is `` very happy '' for his future as wales manager .
scunthorpe ended a run of three straight defeats with a comfortable victory over scunthorpe at glanford park .
three men have been charged with terrorism offences linked to the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in dumfries .
a woman who died after being hit by a car in fife has been named by police .
first minister nicola sturgeon has said she is `` very concerned '' about the scottish independence referendum .
lewis hamilton headed mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in first practice at the singapore grand prix .
broadband speeds in the uk are likely to be misleading by broadband providers , the advertising standards authority -lrb- asa -rrb- has said .
police are investigating a spate of incidents in the east of edinburgh .
a credit card firm has apologised to customers who claim they were mis-sold payment to credit card fees .
salford red devils half-back chris sandow has signed a new two-year contract with the super league side .
chelsea have signed chelsea defender kenneth omeruo on loan until the end of the season .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the country 's president .
author alan rickman has been named waterstones book of the year at this year 's piano book awards .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a protest march in the city of london .
liam williams and age age have been named in the british and irish lions squad for the six nations .
councils in england and wales are being asked to help fund the bin collections of bin bin collections .
a drug dealer has been jailed for five years after being found guilty of heroin offences in south wales .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has named the name of the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a new world record has been set for the world record for the first time .
former world number one solo solo player hope solo has been banned for two years after testing positive for a banned substance .
super league leaders hull fc will face hull fc in the super 8s final at the kcom stadium .
david bowie has been announced as the winner of this year 's bbc music awards .
hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes in vanuatu , the capital of vanuatu , in the republic of vanuatu .
google has confirmed that it has successfully launched a series of air strikes in the us .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in county antrim .
plans for a # 325m motor racing track in blaenau gwent have been given the go-ahead .
deutsche bank has reported a loss of $ same -lrb- # profit -rrb- for the first three months of the year .
wrexham moved to the top of the national league table with a comfortable win over wrexham .
if you 're a fan of one of the most successful video games in the world ?
rangers maintained their lead at the top of the championship with victory over rangers at ibrox .
in the wake of the panama papers scandal , bbc news looks at some of the key issues in the general election campaign .
a muslim teacher has been barred from the us embassy at the centre of a row over a school trip to the us .
a report into the redevelopment of casement park 's casement park stadium has been told by a new report .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu has called on turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu to discuss the threat of terrorist attacks in syria .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a tomatoes festival in the republic of ireland .
plans for a landmark building in cardiff city centre have been approved by cardiff council .
west ham 's first home game at upton park in london has been announced by the premier league club .
actor ben broadbent is to star in a tv remake of the great train robbery .
pop star olly murs has announced he is returning to the x factor at this year 's x factor .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes said he was `` embarrassed '' by his side 's 2-1 home defeat by aberdeen at pittodrie .
wales midfielder aaron ramsey says the euro 2016 group b match against russia is a `` huge achievement '' .
league one side southend united have signed swindon town midfielder stuart stuart on loan until the end of the season .
a section of dorset 's jurassic coast has been damaged by a landslip .
it 's one of the most hotly debated police officers in england and wales , but the police chief of west london 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- was one of the most senior police officers in the uk .
the welsh air ambulance -lrb- charity -rrb- is launching a new technology air ambulance service in wales .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a festival of art festival in dorset .
leinster missed the chance to go top of the pro12 with a hard-fought victory over leinster at the rds .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found at a house in fife .
the number of small businesses in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to the office for national statistics .
cardiff blues moved up to second in the european challenge cup with a pau win over cardiff blues at the principality stadium .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of child sex offences following an incident at a school in leicester .
league one side oldham athletic have signed wigan midfielder morgan-smith morgan-smith on a free transfer .
a campaign has been launched into the use of `` dumping bins '' in edinburgh city centre .
the former chief executive of india 's tamil nadu state has resigned after being cleared of corruption .
league one side leyton orient have appointed former leyton orient boss chris cloud as their new chief executive .
it 's been a year since the indian government announced it is creating a new generation of quantity .
a body found in a river in shropshire has been identified as that of a missing man .
royal bank of scotland -lrb- rbs -rrb- has been fined $ fine -lrb- # fine -rrb- by the international monetary fund -lrb- bnp -rrb- .
a cliffs volcano has been spotted on a beach in the southern pacific , killing two people , officials say .
britain 's tom dumoulin won stage four of the vuelta a espana as spain 's chris froome won stage four of the vuelta a espana .
mobile phone services in the uk are lagging behind by mobile phone services , according to a new study .
us open champion reed reed has been knocked out of the us open in the first round of the ryder cup .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in the burmese capital , aung san suu kyi .
a dutch plane has crashed in colombia , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
a man has been found guilty of theft after a cat was found dead at a house in surrey .
police in australia have warned of a `` terrorist attack '' in the wake of recent terror attacks in the country .
a public inquiry into historical child sex abuse in scotland is to be investigated by the scottish government .
uk retail sales rose by 0.2 % in the first three months of the year , official figures have shown .
facebook founder mark zuckerberg has launched a new app that allows users to communicate with the messenger app .
`` i 'm a friend , '' says , sophia , one of britain 's most successful sophia , sophia , who has been using facebook to facebook .
facebook has been a social company in the us state of california .
actor and actor dick dick is to star in a new tv adaptation of the edinburgh film festival .
norwich city have signed former norwich city midfielder alex surman on a two-year contract .
thousands of people in costa rica have been told to leave their homes in the capital , costa rica .
the families of victims of the hillsborough disaster are calling for the inquests into the deaths of victims of the hillsborough disaster .
saracens claimed their first win of the european champions cup with a bonus-point win over france at allianz park .
police investigating the murder of a 15-year-old girl in leicestershire have released cctv images of two men they want to trace .
exeter chiefs head coach rob baxter has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
a 16-year-old boy has been found guilty of posting a home-made bomb attack on a german mp .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in northern ireland fell to its lowest level since 2008 , according to official figures .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel headed ferrari 's kimi raikkonen in final practice at the bahrain grand prix .
the passport office has launched a multi-million pound contract with the uk 's passport office .
turkey has said it is `` deeply concerned '' by turkey 's response to the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
an inquest into the death of a three-year-old girl who drowned while on holiday in devon has been launched .
the poll of northern ireland 's political poll shows that the poll of northern ireland 's border poll is not the most important issue for northern ireland .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england .
a french diplomat has been arrested in the southern indian state of bangalore after he was arrested on suspicion of rape , police say .
scientists say they have found the first evidence that temperatures in the arctic ocean could be at risk of heat .
the football world cup gets under way in west ham on saturday , as the first round of the fa cup gets under way on sunday .
footballer ched evans has been found not guilty of rape and sexual assault , a jury has been told .
two men from county down have been jailed for conspiring to supply drugs worth more than # 1m .
us telecoms giant charter has proposed a deal to buy cable cable cable cable .
a northern ireland prison officer has said he is `` deeply saddened '' by the death of a prison officer in belfast .
the us embassy in kiev has rejected a request by us president donald trump to step down as president of the united states .
a bangladesh court has sentenced a secular blogger to 15 years in prison for war crimes committed to war crimes .
a tweet to mark the 25th anniversary of the social media campaign has been launched in los angeles .
former england captain michael pick has been banned from all sport for two years after testing positive for anabolic steroids .
the bbc sports personality of the year shortlist for the bbc sports personality of the year 2015 has been announced .
it 's easy to be cynical to look at some of the best places in the uk .
england won the women 's world twenty20 with a seven-wicket win over west indies in the first one-day international in colombo .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a car in north london .
two libyan soldiers have been killed in libya , the country 's government says .
a us man has been sentenced to two years in prison for the kidnap and murder of a us student in the us .
the founder of the greggs bakery chain has been cleared of sexually abusing boys .
a # 250,000 partnership to help improve the lives of children in northern ireland has been launched .
the former head of the child sex abuse inquiry , sir edward heath , has called on the uk government to investigate allegations of child sex abuse .
three men have been charged over the death of a teenager who was hit by a car .
the world 's most expensive pumpkin is one of the world 's most famous weighs .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in edinburgh .
a teacher accused of raping a student at a school has told a court he was sexually assaulted .
a lack of bullying is needed to tackle bullying in scotland 's schools , a committee of msps has said .
afc wimbledon were held to a draw by afc wimbledon in the first round of the fa cup .
hundreds of homes have been damaged in a flood attack in north wales .
joey barton has been banned from all football-related activity for six months by the football association .
it 's one of the biggest albums in the history of the 1980s , but it 's not just a few days ago .
work has begun on a new railway line between cardiff and bristol .
british number two kyle edmund was knocked out of the australian open in the second round of the rogers cup in toronto .
the head of the us national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- has said he is `` extremely disappointed '' by the senate 's inquiry into alleged interference in the us election .
plans for a new wind farm in monmouthshire have been given the go-ahead by the high court .
dublin fought back from two points down to beat dublin in the all-ireland football semi-final at croke park .
kenya 's president , kenya kibaki , has won the $ awarded m -lrb- # pedro m -rrb- prize victory in the capital , nairobi .
israel 's prime minister has said he is `` deeply concerned '' by the comments of an israeli military commander in the wake of a deadly attack on a military base .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing the death of a car on a busy road in leicester .
the world 's first hitler robot has been unveiled at bletchley park , the ministry of defence has announced .
a soldier has been seriously injured after being hit by a sparring punch at a boxing event in the us state of kentucky .
microsoft has announced that it is releasing a new version of its windows system .
a hospital in bristol has been accused of sexually abusing a patient in a row over patient care .
police in india have arrested a man in connection with the rape and rape of a woman in delhi .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at the lack of nurses in the country .
dustin johnson has pulled out of the us open after carding a six-under-par 66 in the first round of the us open .
police in londonderry have said they are `` disgusted '' after a series of incidents in londonderry .
world number one ding junhui beat world number one ding junhui to reach the semi-finals of the world championship .
hundreds of protesters have taken part in a protest against a decision to stop protesters occupying the streets of sheffield .
aston villa have appointed former aston villa boss tony xia as their new chief executive .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in north london .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the importance of violence in the country .
peterborough united have signed peterborough united defender rob peterborough on loan until the end of the season .
the irish football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- has been reprimanded by the irish football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- over a breach of the irish premiership .
league two side luton town have signed former luton town defender nathan lawless on a two-year contract .
police have said they are `` deeply concerned '' about the number of people taking part in this year 's festival .
in the wake of the financial crisis that led to the collapse of the bank of england 's banks , the bank of england 's chief economist has told the bbc .
scientists say they are `` extremely concerned '' about the impact of the ozone layer of the ozone layer .
the uk unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , official figures show .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says he is `` one of the best coaches in the world '' , according to manager pep guardiola .
league two side notts county have signed notts county goalkeeper sean yates on loan until the end of the season .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his friend 's friend during a night out in glasgow .
a chronology of key events : .
an inquest into the death of a man who died after being trampled by a herd of cows has been condemned by a coroner .
aldershot town have appointed former wycombe wanderers boss gary waddock as their new manager .
leaving the eu would be `` difficult '' for the uk to leave the european union , a ukip mep has said .
in the middle of the middle east , one of the most powerful cryptography in the world has been described as `` trusted '' .
a coroner has called for an inquest into the death of a woman who died after a heart attack at a london hospital .
in the wake of jeremy corbyn 's decision to leave the labour party , the bbc 's argument probably looks at the reasons .
ulster flanker iain henderson has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by a man in edinburgh .
a rare golden eagle has been spotted at a nature reserve in the scottish borders .
strictly come dancing star ola aliona has announced her retirement from strictly come dancing .
the number of adoption cases in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
china 's ma ma won olympic gold in the women 's singles at the rio olympics .
the ceo of the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- , formerly known as the `` godfather of the programmer '' , says he is not doing enough to make a new job .
arsenal and manchester city have been charged with uefa over the use of their matches in the champions league .
australian prime minister david cameron has called for an end to the growing number of eggs in the northern territory .
the metropolitan police has been criticised for failing to properly investigate a report into the death of a woman in the house of commons .
sunderland ladies have completed the signing of sunderland striker beth mead for an undisclosed fee .
a study into the route of a railway line between the uk and the north-east of england has been described as `` inadequate '' by a report .
the paris climate agreement could have a profound impact on climate change , according to a new study .
the football association of england and wales have been charged by the football association for failing to implement anti-doping rules .
a soldier has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a soldier who was attacked during a night out in powys .
a motorist who was caught speeding on a motorway in south yorkshire has been arrested .
more than half of the uk 's biggest car parks have been told they will not be able to pay for their parking spaces .
a seven-year-old girl who was hit by a car in hertfordshire has been named by police .
the families of two british men who died in the london marathon have returned to the public for the first time .
at least 17 people have been killed in clashes between police and protesters at a religious festival in the democratic republic of congo .
cardiff city moved back to the top of the championship with a hard-fought win over cardiff city .
swansea city moved up to third in the premier league with a comfortable victory over swansea at anfield .
police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has launched a review of the way police and crime commissioner is funded .
five people have been arrested in the indian capital , delhi , in connection with the collapse of a construction building in the capital , delhi .
tottenham striker harry kane is one of the best strikers in the premier league , says tottenham boss mauricio pochettino .
the result of the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union has been rejected .
british number one johanna konta reached the second round of the miami open with a straight-set win over kazakhstan 's goes edmund .
edinburgh head coach paul petrie says the pro12 season will be a `` home venue '' for edinburgh at murrayfield .
in the wake of the ousting of a computer clinic in ukraine , the bbc 's kiev ukraine looks at how the country 's beleaguered computer systems can not be used .
tributes have been paid to french actress rick stepson , who has died at the age of 99 .
celtic manager ronny deila said he was `` surprised '' by his side 's performance at the champions league group stage as `` embarrassing '' .
alloa athletic midfielder jack ross has signed a new two-year contract with the championship club .
the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has said it will consider a review of paramilitary activity in northern ireland .
macclesfield climbed out of the national league relegation zone with a 2-0 win at eastleigh .
the government says it is `` dismayed '' by the government 's decision to cut the number of children who have been affected by the child abuse scandal .
james bond produced a brilliant performance to beat american hawk hawk in the nba world cup final in los angeles .
a passenger on a flight from sydney to sydney was caught on camera engine at sydney airport , reports say .
patrick roberts says he is relishing the prospect of being part of celtic 's squad for the summer .
a indonesian man has been jailed for three years for killing a 13-year-old girl in indonesia .
us president barack obama and us president barack obama have called on president barack obama to step down as president of the united states .
hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a teenager who died after being hit by a car in surrey .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the country 's presidential election .
one of the uk 's biggest food firms , mushtaq mushtaq , has told the bbc he will not be able to employ restaurants in the wake of the brexit vote .
`` a humanitarian pause , '' says tony blair , the head of the un humanitarian crisis in syria , in the wake of the conflict in syria .
castle stuart aberdonian says he has no regrets about his decision to retire from the open at royal troon .
eu leaders have met in brussels to discuss the crisis in the eu .
italy 's prime minister has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the migrant crisis in italy .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after a car crashed into a house in lincolnshire .
police investigating the murders of two soldiers in northern ireland have said they are `` deeply concerned '' about the investigation into the killings of soldiers in northern ireland .
the death toll from the deadly ebola outbreak in guinea 's capital , freetown , has risen to 115 , officials say .
relatives of the victims of the hillsborough disaster have met relatives of relatives of victims of the hillsborough disaster .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being struck by a car in devon .
manchester united owner phil reed has been given a two-year suspended jail sentence for breaching the club 's football association chairman karl oyston .
the uk 's first child has arrived in calais for the first time in the uk .
ulster moved to within three points of ulster at the top of the pro12 with a bonus-point win over treviso .
plans to build a former primary school in flintshire have been approved by the county council .
the republic of ireland 's customs board , the republic of ireland , is being sold for # face m in northern ireland .
two shots have been fired at a police station in the german city of duesseldorf , police say .
police investigating the murder of a british backpacker in thailand have said they are `` appalled '' by the investigation into the deaths of two british tourists .
league two side crawley town have signed former celtic defender ryan wilson on a two-year deal .
a woman accused of sexually abusing two young girls has told a court she was `` shocked '' by the trial .
burnley midfielder sam vokes has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club .
labour leadership contender jeremy corbyn has said labour needs to win a second term in the general election .
turkish authorities have launched a nationwide crackdown on net neutrality .
human rights activists in syria say they have carried out a series of images of victims of so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the fifa football federation -lrb- move -rrb- has announced that it will suspend the football association 's world cup qualifier against mexico on saturday .
plaid cymru leader lord dafydd elis-thomas has said he is `` absolutely committed '' to remain as plaid cymru leader .
england batsman sam billings says he is `` not a job '' after being named in the england squad for the first test against south africa .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in birmingham .
a senior civil servant has called for an independent review of the government 's decision to expand heathrow airport .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the fatal shooting of a man in south london .
former world champion stuart bingham says he has no regrets about his future after being knocked out of the world championship .
the demolition of a victorian factory in nottingham has been revealed by the city 's city of nottingham .
england women secured their place in the women 's rugby world cup with a ninth win over new zealand .
a former police officer has been jailed for life for the murder of his partner .
drivers have been warned not to be fitted speeding on a leicestershire village for the first time in more than two years .
two men have appeared in court in spain charged with involvement in the killing of a man in a van attack in the capital , tripoli .
us president donald trump has signed a deal with us president donald trump in a deal worth $ 4.3 bn -lrb- â # 12-nation -rrb- .
a rare portrait of a 17th century masterpiece has been sold at auction for # 17th .
league two side luton town have extended their contracts with league two side luton town .
a humpback whale has been spotted on a beach in fife .
britain 's greg rutherford won olympic gold in the men 's 200m at the diamond league meeting in london .
the queen has released footage of a video showing the queen being filmed to death in the queen 's 90th birthday .
fiji rugby player bob matavesi has died at the age of 83 .
a shopping centre in oxfordshire has been closed for the first time since the redevelopment of a shopping centre .
athletes are being warned about the dangers of skin cancer .
scotland strengthened their 100 % start to the 2018 world cup with a comfortable win over west brom at hampden park .
the uk 's financial conduct authority -lrb- cma -rrb- has been fined # competition m by the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- .
lewis hamilton says he has no regrets about winning the world grand prix in the wake of the season-ending abu dhabi grand prix .
former derby county boss nigel powell has been sacked by the football association .
australia 's crisp crisp has become the first player to win the world series of chicago .
the creator of the bitcoin virtual currency has called for the bitcoin virtual currency to be removed .
a painting by spanish artist la la has sold at auction for $ -rrb- m -lrb- # catalan m -rrb- at a new york auction .
nigel farage has been sworn in as president of the united kingdom .
former scottish labour leader johann lamont has resigned from the party .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car at a school in birmingham .
the company behind the # 18bn hinkley point nuclear power station in somerset has said it will not be able to build a new nuclear power station in somerset .
jaguar land rover -lrb- jlr -rrb- has announced plans to invest $ 250m -lrb- # bodywork -rrb- for jaguar land rover -lrb- jlr -rrb- .
favourite jockey frankie dettori won the air stakes at newmarket to win the veteran stakes at newmarket .
a man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a woman in the republic of ireland .
a man who bet a hole in the ground of a hole in a hole in a hole in a hotel has been reunited with his owner .
a man has been arrested in london on suspicion of terrorism offences .
israel has refused to apologise to the israeli government over the use of israeli asylum seekers from israel .
the city of cambridge has become the first city in the uk to take part in a tour de france cycle race .
mae ' r un o ' r grŵp sy 'n gyfrifol am â mae , yn ôl un o ' r grŵp .
scottish salmon company biological has reported a sharp fall in sales for the first half of the year .
northern ireland 's economic recovery has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to a new report .
former olympic gold medallist sarah tait has been named in the queen 's birthday honours list .
the mother of a schoolgirl whose body was found in the river thames has said she is `` devastated '' by the death of her mother .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- , the country 's central bank , has died at the age of 88 .
a spanish teacher has been arrested in spain on suspicion of downloading indecent images of children .
queen 's park boosted their league two play-off hopes with a comfortable win over montrose .
protests have taken place in the palestinian capital , salman , to protest against the government 's controversial new law .
a woman has appeared in court charged with the attempted rape of a pregnant woman in belfast .
a consultation on plans to revive the number of welsh councils in south wales has been announced by the welsh government .
the royal albert hall -lrb- eiff -rrb- is to launch a special concert at the royal albert hall in london .
the world 's largest drone manufacturer has unveiled a new type of drone maker , which it says will be the first of its kind in the world .
the scottish government has announced plans to create more jobs as part of a multi-million pound investment .
as saudi arabia prepares for a three-day visit to saudi arabia , the bbc 's alastair leithead looks at the impact of a documentary about saudi arabia .
police in the democratic republic of congo have arrested a man in connection with an assault on a concert in the capital , kinshasa .
hundreds of people have taken part in the first day of a new bus park in cardiff .
scientists say they have made a significant impact on the behaviour of migrating birds in the uk .
a plan to reduce fuel poverty in the north west of england has been approved by councillors .
in the wake of the collapse of the london stock exchange , the london stock exchange has been one of the world 's most powerful banks .
peru 's former prime minister , ollanta figallo , has been released from prison in peru , his lawyer says .
when i first met lord sinn , one of the most famous exhibits in the history of the 1980s , is one of the world 's most famous and controversial politicians .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a `` dark '' dog in staffordshire .
scotland 's two busiest airports have reported record passenger numbers last year , according to new figures .
former world champion john higgins beat world number one mark selby to win the world championship for the first time .
apple has said it will pay $ move -lrb- # move -rrb- to pay $ move -lrb- # move -rrb- to $ move -lrb- # move -rrb- .
two russian athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics for failing a drugs test .
nick gubbins hit a century as middlesex dominated the first day of their county championship game against middlesex at lord 's .
scottish actress karen gillan is returning to the stage for the first time in more than a decade .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of london 's transport system .
on wednesday , the world 's largest technology company , the commercial , is the world 's biggest technology company .
president : juan manuel santos .
ed sheeran has topped the uk album chart with a record number one album .
the president of the united states has said he will not be able to visit the white house in the us .
southern rail passengers have been hit by a series of strikes by the rmt union , the rmt union has said .
the conservatives have lost control of leicestershire county council .
widnes head coach denis betts says his side 's poor start to the super league season will be `` a success '' .
the us supreme court has ruled that us president donald trump 's travel ban on immigration is unconstitutional .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
a strain of bird flu has been found at a farm in lincolnshire .
the funeral of a man who died after being pulled from a coffin at a hospital in england has been found dead .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has accused israel of trying to control a syrian military aircraft in syria .
gareth southgate has been appointed england manager until the end of the season .
for the first time , the european union has announced plans for a trade deal with the european union .
a man who went missing from a norfolk hospital has returned to the public for the first time in more than two years .
scientists say they have found a way to curb the spread of climate change .
a team of staff in the us state of los angeles have been praised by the football team for the first time .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the technology industry .
elgin city moved three points clear at the top of scottish league two with a comfortable victory over elgin city .
wales and wales were beaten by belgium in their final match at the euro 2016 tournament in cardiff .
plans for a new generation of car manufacturers have been unveiled by the welsh government .
a new vaccine for ebola is to be carried out in sierra leone , the uk health organization says .
olympic champions helen glover and heather stanning won great britain 's first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory in the women 's pair .
dozens of people have been killed in a fire at a nightclub in romania , officials say .
the demise of hereford united 's takeover of kidderminster harriers has been resolved , the conference has confirmed .
a british warship has been rescued from the wreck of a ship off the coast of coventry .
the family of a seven-year-old boy who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to them .
the republic of ireland 's human rights commission , the republic of ireland , has been criticised by the european commission for human rights .
wigan athletic have sacked manager paul nicholson after three games in charge of the championship club .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after two men were injured in a suspected arson attack .
one of the largest rigg mines in the world has been put up for sale .
welsh liberal democrat leader kirsty williams has been named as the new leader of the welsh liberal democrats .
britain 's catriona matthew won the men 's british open at the squash world championships in canada .
a new exhibition has been unveiled to mark the 20th anniversary of the great fire of london 's great fire .
a man has died after being shot in the head by a bear in the us state of idaho .
one of the uk 's most famous parsons , parsons , has been banned from entering the uk for a second time .
the bank of england 's governor of the bank of england , mark carney , has announced he will step down at the end of the year .
the chief constable of devon police has said he is `` confident '' the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- will not be allowed to leave the force .
the summer transfer window closed at 23:00 bst on 1 september .
a heritage museum in dorset has launched a # 1m lottery grant from the heritage lottery fund -lrb- hlf -rrb- .
the head of google 's tax affairs committee , eric schmidt , has called on the uk government to pay taxes on tax avoidance .
the republic of ireland is to invest # 35m in a project to boost the impact of energy projects in the republic of ireland .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire broke out at a house in north belfast .
a man who attacked a man in a `` brutal '' attack has been jailed for two years .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has launched an investigation into the illegal trade of illegal ivory .
super league leaders castleford came from behind to beat castleford tigers in a thrilling super league game .
haile haile , one of ethiopia 's most famous sporting superstars , has died at the age of 73 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in lincolnshire .
a new exhibition has been unveiled to mark the centenary of the battle of the battle of waterloo .
south korea 's head coach revenge chambeshi says his team are `` desperate '' to reach the africa cup of nations in gabon .
scotland manager gordon strachan is confident his scotland players will be able to reach the 2018 world cup finals .
british and commonwealth bronze medallist liam bevan has been ruled out of the world championships because of a knee injury .
the us and russia have signed a ceasefire agreement aimed at ending the conflict in syria .
two gay men have been arrested in nigeria 's capital , abuja , in a crackdown on gay rights .
damien hirst , one of the uk 's most famous artists , has died at the age of 84 .
plans for a # 6m expansion of glasgow city centre have been approved by councillors .
a man who died after being hit by a car in moray has been named by police .
a rare new species of plesiosaur has been discovered in the uk for the first time .
the glastonbury festival is taking place on the pyramid stage at this year 's glastonbury festival .
stephen hawking is to return to the bbc for the first time , the bbc has announced .
china 's economy grew by 6.7 % in the first quarter of the year , according to official figures .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has accused israel 's prime minister , benjamin netanyahu , of engaging in a row over his relationship with israel .
the result of the referendum on eu membership is a `` disaster '' , the welsh liberal democrat leader has said .
arsenal ladies have announced the name of women 's super league one club arsenal ladies .
royal dutch shell has approved a plan to drill for oil and gas exploration in the arctic off the coast of alaska .
health secretary jeremy hunt has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future of the uk 's internet network .
actress helen dramas has called for more women to be raped in the wake of the killing of actress christopher dramas .
high street chain greggs has reported a sharp rise in sales for the three months to the end of june .
england batsman keaton smith says he would not be surprised if england are to test batsman keaton jennings in the third test against south africa .
campaigners have clashed over plans to build a wind farm off the coast of lincolnshire .
more than half of people in england are dying from cancer , according to a new report .
china 's largest children 's charity , china 's suspension province , has temporarily closed its doors for the first time in more than two years .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares fell sharply on tuesday , with the ftse 100 index closing after the release of the uk 's inflation rate .
edinburgh moved up to third in the pro12 table with a hard-fought victory over edinburgh at murrayfield .
russian athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics after being banned from competing at the rio olympics .
hull city missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a draw by 10-man hull .
a canadian man has been charged with child pornography offences after being found guilty of child pornography in canada .
juventus goalkeeper gianluigi buffon says his side have a `` good chance '' of winning the serie a title in the first half of the europa league .
the number of people working in the uk has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to new research .
the welsh assembly 's top brexit negotiator has said the uk government should not vote on article 50 of the brexit process .
the number of dogs killed by dogs in scotland has risen by more than 50 % in the last year , according to new figures .
supermarket chain asda has announced plans to increase the cost of dairy milk in the uk .
sierra leone 's president ernest bai koroma has signed a law that will allow women to die in the country .
charlton athletic have signed striker franck moussa from belgian side addicks moussa for an undisclosed fee .
dutch striker graziano pelle scored a hat-trick as the netherlands came from behind to beat netherlands in their euro 2016 qualifying group .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his mother and her baby son in a car park in cardiff .
national league side forest green rovers have signed former stevenage striker mark roberts on a two-year deal .
boris johnson has apologised to the mayor of london for failing to carry out a new london mayor .
sunderland midfielder eboue eboue has been banned for two years and fined # 40,000 by the football association for failing to pay a new contract .
england international nick compton has signed a new two-year contract with the premiership club .
the welsh government 's decision to cut subsidies to renewable energy in wales has been criticised by the welsh government .
london mayor boris johnson has signed a contract with the premier league club .
former nba basketball star lamar odom has died at the age of 83 .
a woman who died after being hit by a car has been awarded # ruled in damages .
when it comes to tech giant google , it 's easy to be one of the most successful tech companies in the world .
astronomers have found a new way to map the surface of the planet .
guernsey 's women 's fa cup third-round tie between the english football league and the english football league -lrb- fa -rrb- will not be allowed to play in the fa cup .
the us army has announced a decision to halt the keystone xl pipeline in the us .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has defended her party 's election victory in the house of commons .
nato has been sworn in for its role in the battle against nato , the us military says .
cctv footage has been released of the body of a woman who went missing after a night out in bristol .
the number of transgender and minority characters in the us has increased by more than a third in the year , according to a new report .
the met office has issued a yellow `` be aware '' warning for gales in parts of scotland .
non-league sutton united will host non-league side sutton united in the first round of the fa cup .
concerns have been raised about the safety of a beach in cornwall which has been blamed for safety concerns .
england cruised to an eight-wicket victory over pakistan in a rain-affected one-day international at edgbaston .
manchester united manager sir alex ferguson says his side are capable of beating premier league leaders manchester city in the premier league .
the chief minister of india 's tamil nadu state , sofia ashraf , has been sacked .
one of the uk 's biggest coffee retailers has warned of a `` challenging '' approach to the coffee market .
more than 200,000 people in england and wales could be banned from voting under new rules being considered by the government .
a number of police officers have been arrested after a man was stabbed to death in colchester .
sale sharks have signed prop tom tom from sale sharks for the 2017-18 premiership season .
a new breed of honey bees has been found at a zoo in devon .
a boy has died after being hit by a tractor on a farm in nottinghamshire .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of germany to protest against the cancellation of a music festival in germany .
german chancellor angela merkel has urged german chancellor angela merkel to step down in the wake of the paris attacks .
a man who stole more than # 1m worth of jewellery worth more than # 1m has been jailed for four years .
burton moved up to third in the championship with victory over reading , who were held to a draw at burton .
drinking beer is a greater problem for beer , according to a new study .
shares in sports direct fell by more than 5 % after the retailer reported a fall in profits .
at least 11 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in floods in the eastern indian city of relief , officials say .
foreign secretary boris johnson is to meet foreign secretary boris johnson 's visit to russia .
scientists in the us have developed a new way to treat people with advanced conditions .
mobile phone giant ee has launched a new mobile phone network in the uk .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire broke out at a block of flats in edinburgh .
iraqi government forces have launched a major offensive to retake the iraqi city of mosul from so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
a new technology technology technology scheme has been launched in aberdeen .
the british grand prix has been the world 's most valuable grand prix , according to the british grand prix .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has launched a campaign to stop jewish jewish communities in the us .
a dublin man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of his parents in the republic of ireland .
unilever , the world 's biggest maker of household products , has reported a rise in sales for the first quarter of the year .
`` i 'm a bit of a financier , '' says dominic frangos , the former chief executive of the retailer , bhs , for the first time .
france 's far-right leader , marine le pen , has called for the uk to leave the european union .
exeter city maintained their unbeaten start to the league two season with a comfortable win over cambridge at st james park .
temperton temperton , one of the uk 's most famous 66 , has died at the age of 74 .
for the first time , the dating website tinder has been the world 's most popular dating website .
hundreds of mourners have attended the funeral of one of the victims of the manchester suicide bombing .
mtv has been announced as the winner of this year 's mtv women 's music awards .
munster have been cleared by the rugby football union for failing to assess the extent of a serious head injury during the champions cup defeat by munster .
a st helier lifeboat station in jersey has gone into liquidation .
two-time wimbledon champion victoria azarenka has been knocked out of the aegon open because of a wrist injury .
australia cruised to an eight-wicket victory over india in the first test in kolkata to seal a 2-0 series win in india .
plans for two new homes in south wales have been approved by councillors .
a plan to build a plan development in county durham has been given the go-ahead by the county council .
league two leaders plymouth moved to within a point of the league two play-off places with a comfortable win at mid-table morton .
a new test for the test of computer pioneer alan turing has been developed by the university of london .
plans to build a garden bridge over the river thames have been given the go-ahead by the city council .
conor sammon scored a hat-trick as edinburgh ran in eight tries to secure a bonus-point win over edinburgh in the pro12 .
former deputy prime minister mr mckelvie has said he is `` very likely '' to have been accused of child sexual abuse in the 1970s .
the story of message message , but but , but message , the message , paralympians message and message but .
fulham boss slavisa jokanovic says striker chris martin will stay at the club until the end of the season .
a piece of debris has been found on the roof of the uk 's first commercial space station in the uk .
more than half a million women in england are being offered a contraceptive test for the first time , the bbc has learned .
her pomsel , one of germany 's most nazi and superiors jews , has died at the age of 89 .
a man from cornwall has become the first person to reach the world record for the world championships .
mae ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol yn dweud nad yw ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol ynys môn , yn ôl yr undeb ewropeaidd .
the body of a man has been found in a lake in the french alps , the national park has said .
mae ' r 'n yng nghymru wedi cael ei llangefni ar gyfer yr eisteddfod genedlaethol ynys môn .
a us court has sentenced an american man to 18 years in jail for the 2008 hacking scandal .
a man has been taken to hospital after being stolen from a house in aberdeen .
a four-year-old boy has died after being hit by a car in the republic of ireland .
scientists say they have discovered a new type of reptile that was found in the back of a lay .
a trade union has won a legal battle against the government over the sale of a sheep .
welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- chief ian arthur has been banned from all sport for two years after testing positive for cocaine .
a scottish government minister has called for a ban on free school meals for children in scotland .
pharmaceutical giant glaxosmithkline -lrb- gsk -rrb- has announced plans to cut the number of medicines in the country .
malaysia 's culture minister has cancelled a photo of her body at a concert in malaysia , saying it is `` not acceptable '' .
teachers at a school in north yorkshire are being balloted for strike action .
the football association of wales -lrb- faw -rrb- has announced it is closing the principality stadium in cardiff .
in the wake of the paris attacks in paris , the bbc 's 22-year-old zhang looks at some of the attacks on the streets of paris .
the european court of human rights has upheld a ban on belgian women 's rights in the european court of human rights .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the upsurge of violence in africa .
the new ghostbusters sequel is to be held at the cannes film festival , it has been announced .
the gambia 's president yahya jammeh has announced the release of the country 's president , yahya jammeh .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has unveiled a draft manifesto for the labour party 's manifesto .
tributes have been paid to a new zealand woman who died in a plane crash in new zealand .
manchester city boss roberto mancini says carlos tevez will be a `` chance '' to play for the premier league title this season .
it 's been a busy year for us president barack obama .
a man who admitted raping a 14-year-old girl in belfast has been jailed for nine years .
a motorcyclist has died after his motorbike was involved in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
it 's a big year for chancellor george osborne 's autumn statement .
it 's been a difficult year for hollywood fans .
an attack on a kenyan military base in kenya has killed at least 15 people , a report says .
a hacking attack on a website in the ukrainian capital , kiev , has killed at least 27 people , the bbc has learned .
global investment in the world 's second largest economy , china , won a record high of $ table bn -lrb- # table bn -rrb- , according to a new report .
wales centre jamie roberts is to retire from rugby at the end of the season .
rangers striker moussa dembele says he is relishing the chance to play for a place in the rangers squad .
motherwell have signed striker thomas thomas from premiership rivals motherwell for an undisclosed fee .
ali carter says he is `` very happy '' after he suffered a shock defeat by jimmy carter at the world championship .
the mayor of bristol has said it is `` deeply disappointed '' by the council 's decision to waive the site of bristol city council .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has called for an end to the defence of trident nuclear weapons .
port vale chairman norman smurthwaite says he will be offered a new contract with the league one club .
london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- has announced it is to launch a night tube service on the night tube .
china 's state of china has announced a $ 60bn -lrb- # create bn -rrb- deal for the country 's steel industry .
the number of nurses working in the nhs in england has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
police in germany have arrested a man suspected of setting fire to the german city of bavarian , the interior ministry says .
spending cuts to spending cuts have increased by # 20bn a year , according to the institute for fiscal studies -lrb- ifs -rrb- .
scientists in vietnam have used the nobel peace prize laureate to mark the nobel peace prize .
a four-year-old boy who was jailed for sexually abusing a four-year-old boy has been jailed for three years .
liverpool have signed liverpool striker christian benteke for an undisclosed fee on a five-year deal .
comedian sandi toksvig has called for female women to show female women as part of a new programme .
a man has died after falling from a swimming pool off the coast of florida .
the parents of a 15-year-old girl who went missing after a night out in devon have said they are `` overwhelmed '' by the response .
the police watchdog is to investigate allegations of child sexual abuse in england and wales , the bbc has learned .
watford moved up to third in the championship with victory over watford at vicarage road .
hundreds of thousands of disabled people could lose their jobs under plans being considered by the government .
a # 10,000 reward has been offered for information on the unsolved killer of a schoolgirl whose body was found in a river .
former ireland captain michael clarke has signed a new two-year contract with the premiership club .
south africa 's most populous state , south africa 's governing african national congress -lrb- anc -rrb- , has died at the age of 88 .
a russian warship has arrived in the russian port of vessels after a russian warship sailed off the coast of libya .
scientists say they have found the first drop in the number of sea creatures in the pacific ocean .
bbc radio 2 has been named best television drama of the year at the bbc radio 2 folk awards .
an investigation has been launched into the cause of a crash between a ferry and a ferry in dorset .
new england patriots quarterback tom brady has been named as the new england patriots for the first time .
the uk 's first drone pilot is to be used by the uk government for the first time .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group has launched a major offensive against so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in iraq .
the administrators of the manor team in the southern australian city of fitzpatrick have been forced to pull out of administration by the end of the year .
former libyan prime minister manuel valls has been found dead in a plane crash in libya .
national league side macclesfield town have signed huddersfield town midfielder terriers did on loan until the end of the season .
more than a quarter of businesses in the uk have been targeted by cyber attacks , according to a survey .
glamorgan seam bowler ben wright has signed a new two-year contract with the county .
the leaders of scotland 's main parties have clashed over the party 's election campaign .
the number of grey seal pups found in the north norfolk coast has reached a record high , according to the national trust .
star wars star wars star wars star wars star wars has returned to the west end for the first time .
the head of a committee of ams has called for an inquiry into the conduct of a welsh government committee .
the us says it will send troops to iraq , iraq , syria , syria and iraq , in the wake of the us embassy in baghdad , officials say .
an inquest into the deaths of a french pilot who died in a plane crash in france has been described as a `` disaster '' .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he is `` extremely sorry '' to be the party 's new leader .
sale sharks prop danny cipriani has signed a two-year contract extension with the premiership club .
chris froome 's hopes of winning the vuelta a espana suffered a setback as luxembourg 's vincenzo nibali won stage 11 .
the funeral of writer eddie howe has been unveiled in his home city of liverpool .
bristol city manager lee johnson says he was `` proud '' to be relegated from the championship .
the leader of the us state of rhode island , earnest earnest , has been sworn in for a second time .
the international climate change agency -lrb- epa -rrb- says it is `` extremely concerned '' about the impact of climate change in the ocean .
the owners of a dog which was killed in a car crash in snowdonia have said they are `` heartbroken '' .
a funeral service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of a soldier in afghanistan .
newcastle united moved up to second in the premier league with a hard-fought victory over west ham .
england will play fiji in pool b of the world rugby sevens championship after beating fiji in the women 's rugby world cup .
team sky director sir dave brailsford says he is `` in a baby '' with claims of bullying in the sport .
a group of nigerian muslim actress appearance sadau has called for a ban on gay marriage in nigeria .
hundreds of bottles of plastic bottles have washed up on a cornish beach , the national trust has said .
parents in england and wales are to be offered a free childcare system for children with learning disabilities , the government has announced .
the former leader of ukip , douglas carswell , has resigned from the party after a row with the party .
author ghosh has been named as the new president of the us national security agency -lrb- author -rrb- .
oscar pistorius , the man accused of killing his girlfriend reeva steenkamp in the south african city of durban , has been discharged from prison .
ghana 's president has been sworn in as president of ghana 's new president , nana law .
swansea city head coach gylfi sigurdsson says the club can not afford to beat swansea city in the premier league .
wild animals could be banned from circuses in the uk in a bid to protect wild animals , according to the scottish spca .
more than half of latin america are living in latin america , according to a new report .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in india .
a judge in the us state of guantanamo bay has pleaded not guilty to two charges of terrorism offences .
police investigating the disappearance of a woman in edinburgh have issued a fresh appeal for information .
racing 92 and european champions cup winners mike phillips and mike phillips have signed a new two-year deal with the french premiership club .
northern ireland came from a goal down to beat northern ireland in the first leg of their euro 2016 qualifying group .
paul pollock has become the first british athlete to win a marathon at the rio olympics .
a prison has been criticised for failing to properly investigate the deaths of two prisoners at a prison in kent .
northern ireland 's chief medical officer has said she is `` deeply concerned '' about the issue of abortion in northern ireland .
american duo henrik stenson and henrik stenson will take a one-shot lead into the final day of the ryder cup at hazeltine .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest in brussels to protest against the migrant crisis in brussels .
the scottish government has launched a review of the way scotland is governed in scotland .
the conservative party has launched an inquiry into allegations of bullying , bullying and bullying in the party .
us president barack obama has announced that he is stepping down as president of the united states .
a herd of sheep has been stolen from a house in the isle of man .
london 's transport minister has called for a public consultation on whether the taxi-hailing app should be introduced in london .
us tech giant snapchat has announced its first smartphone , the renaming , which will be shown in the us .
a row has broken out between labour and lib dem mp david cameron .
a computer bomb has been found in the belgian city of brussels after a computer bomb was found at a brussels airport .
the uk 's psa group , the psa group , has agreed a deal with the uk 's psa partner , vauxhall , in a deal worth more than # 1bn .
an inquest into the death of a man who was shot in the head by his estranged wife was shot by police , an inquest has heard .
a search is under way for a man missing in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland .
a # 1.5 m project to improve the river thames in west sussex has been given the go-ahead .
a man has been jailed for life for plotting to kill a british man in london .
the wife of zimbabwe 's president robert mugabe , robert mugabe , has been refused permission to stay in the south african capital , harare .
josh taylor says he is ready to fight for a world title when he fights julius indongo in glasgow on saturday .
celebrations are taking place across scotland to celebrate the end of the year .
two men have been rescued from the sea off orkney coast in the early hours of saturday morning .
a pair of gold gold gold gold coins have been discovered in a park in scunthorpe .
a new exhibition has opened at kensington palace to mark the 150th anniversary of the london art gallery .
a 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of child sexual abuse , police have said .
a rare species of trees has been found in mexico for the first time in more than 50 years .
the great british bake off has been voted the best in the uk for the second time in a row .
thousands of people in the uk have been urged to vote in a referendum on whether to vote in the eu referendum .
concerns have been raised about the safety of a prisoner who absconded from a prison in kent .
morecambe 's league two play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were held to a draw at home to cheltenham .
us president barack obama and us president barack obama have said they will not be able to sign up to $ 10bn -lrb- â # shutdown -rrb- on healthcare insurance .
leicester tigers scrum-half aaron morris has signed a new three-year contract with the premiership club .
kris boyd says the scottish football association is `` not in the right '' to play in the scottish premiership .
one of the world 's most famous railway locomotives has died at the age of 97 .
harlequins head coach conor o'shea has signed a new three-year contract with the premiership club .
the uk government has announced a new method of scanning medicine for the first time .
australian singer and former australian president sasse sasse has announced he will not marry his same-sex marriage .
former newcastle united boss alan shearer says he has no regrets about mike ashley 's decision to stay at newcastle united .
police have appealed for information after a dog was stolen from a police dog in the centre of glasgow .
the island of reunion , the caribbean island of reunion , is one of the world 's most prosperous countries .
a man has been jailed for 15 years for raping a woman in her own home .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in east kilbride .
a man has been found guilty of murdering a woman who was found dead in a bus in east london .
police have released a cctv image of a woman they want to speak to in connection with a serious sexual assault .
a man who carried out a controlled explosion at bristol airport has been jailed for six months .
the final day of the first test against south africa at the oval ended in a thrilling defeat by india at the oval .
the experimental aeroplane , the experimental aeroplane , has successfully completed the first leg of its round-the-world flight .
if you want to know about the future of a village in the east midlands , the bbc 's milton nkosi looks at the future .
a man who raped a sleeping woman at a shopping centre has been jailed .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a building in yarmouth , county londonderry .
it 's been a big week for the wimbledon men 's tennis tournament at wimbledon .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in a street in st andrews .
arsenal won their first premier league title in a row as they came from behind to beat aston villa .
land rover rover has unveiled its new land rover , which it says will create the new jaguar land rover -lrb- carmaker -rrb- .
a pembrokeshire pembrokeshire bus company has gone into liquidation .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in glasgow .
a plane that crashed on the french island of yemen , killing six people , has been killed in a plane crash , officials say .
rail services between cardiff and cardiff are to be scrapped , the transport minister has said .
one of the world 's largest ward ships has been installed at a ceremony in portsmouth .
the former head of the us air force , bin bahri , has been freed from his home in the capital , kabul .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has said he will not vote for presidential candidate donald trump .
scientists have spotted a new way to map the loch ness monster .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
a man who admitted causing the death of a belfast woman by careless driving has been given a community sentence .
profits at the world 's largest oil company , bp , have risen by more than a third in the past year , according to the chief economist of bp .
fleetwood extended their unbeaten run to six games with a comfortable victory over charlton at the valley .
the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says it is `` highly disappointing '' that the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has been criticised for failing a drugs test .
newtonmore moved to the top of the scottish league cup for the first time this season as they were held to a draw at kilmallie .
bristol have agreed a deal to sign scrum-half harris-wright harris-wright from 28 for the 2017-18 season .
a man who sexually abused two teenage boys has been jailed for five years .
formula 1 constructors have released a new version of the new version of the new formula 1 season .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the latest figures from the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
one of the oldest pier in the world has been destroyed in a fire .
lewis hamilton says his mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton is capable of winning the title race at the australian grand prix .
england centre manu tuilagi has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the director of south africa 's capital , president anderson , has been arrested in botswana after being arrested in botswana .
the duke of cambridge has said he is `` proud '' to be reunited with the duke and duchess of cambridge .
a humpback whale has been spotted off the coast of south wales .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in edinburgh city centre .
south korea 's korean 23 won the women 's open at the par-four lpga world cup in south korea .
a new type of ice has been detected in the arctic ocean , according to a new study .
first minister carwyn jones has called on the uk government to take legal action against the refugee camp in calais .
us drug giant pfizer has agreed to buy a $ for -lrb- # shares -rrb- deal to buy the us food giant , pfizer .
the un special envoy staffan de mistura has called for peace talks with syria 's largest rebel group , staffan de mistura .
the welsh government has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the welsh government 's plan to devolve minimum powers to wales .
rodney rodney scored the only goal of the game as west bromwich albion clinched their first win of the season as they beat west ham .
barnsley moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with a comfortable win over barnsley .
england 's ian robson hit a century for warwickshire on the opening day of the first test against south africa at edgbaston .
commonwealth games judo star stephanie inglis has been taken to hospital after being injured in a motorbike accident in vietnam .
a sheep sheep sheep has been sold at auction in dumfries and galloway .
a pod of aurora borealis has been filmed on camera at the international space station .
the government has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the closure of manston airport airport .
three men have been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in a car park .
the un has urged the un to consider a un inquiry into the rape and rape of buddhists in rakhine state .
floyd mayweather 's bid to become the first ufc boxing champion to be held in las vegas is to be held in las vegas .
a link between stonehenge and the a303 of stonehenge should be scrapped , a transport minister has said .
the number of suicide and suicide suicide in scotland increased by more than a third in the last decade , according to a new study .
former world number one mark selby will make his first appearance for the 2017 world championship .
in the wake of the death of a police officer , a report commissioned by the scottish government has found .
cornwall and cornwall have been given the chance to sign a new european funding deal with the european union .
police in scotland are being asked to help search for the code of child sexual exploitation in scotland and wales .
egyptians have taken to the streets of egypt 's capital , cairo , against president abdul fattah al-sisi .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has called for an inquiry into historical child sexual abuse in north wales .
a man has been found guilty of murdering his mother and his mother in a park in dorset .
the crew of a british woman stranded in the western indian state of tamil nadu have been given the victoria cross -lrb- â # command -rrb- for the first time .
anthony gray scored a hat-trick as leicester came from behind to beat sheffield united at bramall lane .
league two side crawley town have signed midfielder bobson bobson from league two side crawley town for an undisclosed fee .
a 12-year-old boy who went missing after a night out in london has been reunited with his son .
a man from canada has said he is `` sorry to be alive '' after he was caught with a note on facebook .
a woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a woman in lancashire .
all images are copyrighted .
nottinghamshire captain kieran read says the final day of the fa cup final against nottinghamshire will be a `` big game '' .
a man who admitted setting fire to a dundee congregation has been jailed for nine months .
uganda were knocked out of the africa cup of nations as they were held to a goalless draw by uganda at the africa cup of nations .
prime minister theresa may has said she is `` very confident '' about the uk 's relationship with the eu .
a rare cave in the french city of unesco has been restored to the public for the first time in more than 50 years .
the united nations says it is `` extremely concerned '' about the number of people killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq .
the number of armed police officers in england and wales has been announced by the met police .
plans for a new income centre in south wales have been given the go-ahead by the welsh government .
manchester city have signed midfielder paul walker from tottenham on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
hundreds of people have attended a protest against plans to build a new prison in wrexham .
leyton orient owner dave dave has been sacked as chairman of leyton orient .
a `` unique '' edition of the holy koran of leeds has been published by leeds city council .
millwall came from behind to beat league one millwall and reach the league one play-off final at wembley .
australian anti-abortion campaigner troy newman has been barred from entering australia after being deported from australia .
the number of english students being graded in england has fallen by more than a third in england , official figures show .
jockey william buick has been ruled out of the rest of the world cup with a knee injury .
manchester city midfielder yaya toure says he was `` embarrassed '' after his side 's 1-1 draw with tottenham at the etihad stadium .
scotland 's political leaders have said they are `` deeply optimistic '' about the future of the scottish government .
the leader of syria 's main opposition group , hassan hassan dahir hassan , has accused hezbollah of trying to control the syrian government .
a petition calling for a new breast cancer treatment for breast cancer is being considered by the scottish government .
swansea city have signed swansea city midfielder matt grimes on loan until the end of the season .
a plane has crashed into a plane in the us city of atlanta , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
world number one mark selby came from a set down to beat world number one mark selby in the first round of the world championship .
astronomers say they have discovered the best known solar system in the solar system .
a new species of turtle has been found on a beach in kent .
david cameron has urged david cameron to resign as prime minister as he seeks to resign as prime minister .
glasgow warriors have signed glasgow warriors lock tim swinson on a two-year contract .
two new aircraft carriers are to be built in portsmouth , defence secretary michael fallon has announced .
the wife of a nottingham man who has been diagnosed with a brain tumour has said she is `` devastated '' by the lack of marriage .
plans to close maternity services at a shropshire hospital have been approved by nhs bosses .
birmingham city manager harry redknapp says he is confident that harry redknapp will return to birmingham city this summer .
david cameron has defended the government 's plans to cut the benefits of child benefit .
a painting by the artist lucian freud has sold at auction for # sotheby -lrb- $ selling -rrb- .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- have been accused of `` dithering '' by the home office .
a light aircraft has been found in the river thames in oxfordshire .
salford red devils claimed their first super league win of the season as they comfortably beat salford red devils .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
league two play-off hopefuls blackpool and blackpool played out a goalless draw at bloomfield road .
a prison has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors in england and wales , a report says .
germany 's lisa germany won the women 's road race at the uci para-cycling world championships in colombia .
it 's been a turbulent year for the us republican presidential nomination .
children 's services are being investigated by the children 's services company , the children 's charity has said .
a lorry driver has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving on the m6 in birmingham .
a beautician who carried out a `` revenge porn '' attack on a bus has told a court he was `` jealous '' and `` jealous '' .
turkish prime minister ahmet davutoglu has called for an end to syria 's conflict in syria .
the son of prominent chinese dissident gao gao , gao gao , has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for subversion .
england fly-half george ford has been ruled out of the rest of the world cup with a knee injury .
the united states has announced that it is shutting down the killing of a lion in zimbabwe .
england coach steve mcnamara says he is `` down '' to be the new head coach of new zealand .
a body has been found in the search for a man who has been missing for more than a week .
rangers manager pedro caixinha is confident his side can beat rangers in the scottish cup final .
brazil 's former president , luiz inacio lula da silva , has been charged with corruption .
the eu and eu have agreed to set up a deal to tackle the migrant crisis in calais , the french government has announced .
a council 's bid for a new bus ticket in cambridgeshire has been approved by councillors .
wildlife officials in yellowstone national park have called for a ban on animals in the national park .
at least six people have been killed in a gun attack on a bar in mali 's capital , bamako , witnesses say .
cheltenham 's league two play-off hopes suffered a setback as they were held to a goalless draw at home to cheltenham .
sir bradley wiggins became the first british rider to win the tour de france with victory in the men 's road race .
when the us federal reserve said that the us federal reserve will raise interest rates at the end of the year .
ukip wales leader nathan jones has said he will not stand in the welsh assembly because of a `` lack of leadership '' .
leicester tigers director of rugby richard cockerill says manu tuilagi will be offered a new contract with the premiership club .
karam chand , one of india 's most famous chand , has died at the age of 88 .
at least eight people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a series of heavy quakes in italy , officials say .
human remains found in a park in bath have been found in a garden in bath .
thousands of migrants have been stranded in vietnam 's border with vietnam , the government has said .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a knife attack on a shopping centre in central london .
it 's been a year since prime minister david cameron announced that he will step down as leader of the european union .
mae ' r ôl sy 'n gyfrifol am leol gweithwyr ar gyfer gofal , yn ôl prif weithredwr ac yng nghymru .
cardiff devils have signed cardiff devils forward haddad haddad for an undisclosed fee on a two-year deal .
shares of google 's parent company alphabet fell by more than 5 % in after-hours trading after the company reported a fall in quarterly profits .
the president of the united states , samuel jacob , has announced he will not travel to syria .
a man who lost his leg when he was hit by a train has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' after being hit by a train .
the story of the late royal academy of scotland 's great academy has been revealed by the royal academy of scotland .
the body of a man who was killed in afghanistan has been found dead , a coroner has said .
portugal ended their euro 2016 qualifying campaign with a comfortable win over portugal at the principality stadium .
the majority of people in northern ireland have voted to leave the european union , a survey has suggested .
a ukrainian woman has been appointed as the new head of the ukrainian government .
a collection of paintings by a north shields artist has gone on display at a north yorkshire exhibition .
two israelis have been killed in clashes between israelis and palestinians in the occupied west bank , palestinian officials say .
the former boss of bhs , sir philip green , has been appointed as the new director of the retailer sir philip green .
one of the world 's most famous steam locomotives has returned to the public for the first time .
republican presidential candidate donald trump has been sworn in as the new governor of the us presidential election .
the mother of a 15-year-old girl who was sexually abused by a teenage girl has told a court she was `` too scared '' to be reunited with her daughter .
the general election is under way in south wales , with the conservatives hoping to win the general election .
scottish labour leader kezia dugdale will set out his party 's conference in scotland later this year .
the uk unemployment rate has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , official figures show .
new zealand beat sri lanka by eight wickets in the first one-day international at the oval .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in north yorkshire .
a us investment firm has said it has been `` overwhelmed '' by its investment in a bid to help fund a multi-million pound investment in the uk .
the colombian government and the farc rebel group have agreed to resume talks with the government in a bid to end peace talks with the government .
labour 's deputy leader tom watson has rejected a proposal to end the party 's leadership contest .
northern ireland 's hopes of reaching the semi-finals of euro 2016 were ended by a shock defeat by poland in belfast .
the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- has raised # nao m to the public spending fund for the uk 's private investment fund .
plaid cymru , plaid cymru , labour and plaid cymru , have launched a manifesto in the assembly election manifesto .
a british man has been arrested in turkey in connection with the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
a south african judge has ordered the south african athlete oscar pistorius to appeal against his conviction for murder .
one of the world 's most famous entries has been named as the winner of this year 's great british bake off .
the afghan taliban have shot dead the leader of the afghan taliban , the bbc has learned .
two men have been killed in a car hijacking in the french capital , paris , officials say .
james hildreth hit a century as somerset beat somerset by seven wickets in the one-day cup at the ageas bowl .
the welsh secretary of state has said the uk government 's decision to leave the eu would be `` disastrous '' for wales .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have retaken the eastern philippines city of marawi in the philippines , officials say .
a six-year-old girl who went missing while on holiday in portugal has been named by police .
manchester united 's zlatan ibrahimovic has been banned for two matches after being found guilty of racially abusing manchester united 's fabrice muamba .
the number of people voting for independence in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since the independence referendum .
two people have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was killed in a suspected arson attack in the occupied west bank .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has revealed the existence of the comet 's surface .
guernsey fc are hoping to become the first english club to reach the english football league .
the transfer transfer transfer system -lrb- ffp -rrb- in the world has been criticised by the football association for failing to pay for the transfer market .
entertainer keith harris has died at the age of 77 , his family has announced .
thousands of people have taken part in the grand national at aintree to take part in the grand national at aintree .
a woman who was treated for leukaemia after being diagnosed with leukaemia has said she is `` lucky to be alive '' .
world number one novak djokovic says male tennis player roger moore is `` not the world 's top female tennis players '' .
a march to mark the centenary of the bloody sunday campaign has taken place in londonderry .
a pair of butcher eggs have been sold for sale in the uk for the first time .
health secretary vaughan gething has said he does not think jeremy corbyn would be the next leader of the conservatives .
`` the dark web is a dark web , '' says i tor , the former president of the tor network , give .
southern rail workers are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay , the rmt union has said .
the number of children vaccinated against measles in wales is at its highest level since records began , the bbc has learned .
harlequins have signed fly-half michael jackson from premiership rivals harlequins for an undisclosed fee .
president donald trump has announced that he will step down as president of the united states .
in the wake of the attack on the news of the world 's biggest social media campaign , the bbc 's editor of the times front page of the times , has caused a stir on social media .
paris st-germain have completed the signing of zlatan ibrahimovic from paris st-germain for an undisclosed fee .
it was a simple day for the prime minister 's questions about the use of id cards in the uk .
the department of health is to review the use of a new treatment system for patients with mentally ill heart patients .
sri lanka 's army says it is `` appalled '' by the death of a young boy who was shot dead in sri lanka .
the remains of a temple in the western indian city of flooring have been discovered in a temple in the western city of judaism .
minnows crotone scored a hat-trick as sunderland came from behind to beat lazio in the premier league .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of drink-driving after he was caught speeding at the wheel of the new james bond film .
singer ray ray has been named as the winner of this year 's bbc music sound of 2017 .
the mother of a teenager who was hit by a train at a school in cornwall has said she is `` overwhelmed '' by the response .
ireland reached the semi-finals of the intercontinental cup with a six-wicket victory over afghanistan in the intercontinental cup in dubai .
hundreds of migrants have been killed in a boat carrying migrants off the coast of libya , officials say .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving on a busy dual carriageway .
china 's monthly trade service , the analysts , has reported a sharp rise in sales for the first three months of the year .
all pictures are copyrighted .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets were mixed on wednesday , with the dow jones and s&p 500 indexes higher .
these , aberystwyth , mythical , are , are , these , mythical and warlord .
health secretary vaughan gething has said the health service in wales will be `` simple '' for the health service in wales .
thieves have stolen hundreds of thousands of pounds from social media users in the past year , the bbc has learned .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
middlesbrough goalkeeper paulo carayol has announced he will retire at the end of the 2018 africa cup of nations .
the family of a woman who died in a house fire in dorset have said they are `` devastated '' by the appeal .
the leader of ukip , paul nuttall , has said he will not stand in the party 's general election .
dame judi dench has revealed she has been diagnosed with her mother .
a man from gloucestershire has become the first person to swim the length of the river severn .
the brother of a british man killed in the so-called islamic state group in syria has spoken of the `` terrifying '' response to the plight of his brother .
borussia dortmund missed the chance to move level on points with bundesliga leaders bayern munich after losing to borussia dortmund in the bundesliga .
a man in the israeli city of tel aviv has been shot dead in the city of israeli , israeli police say .
xherdan shaqiri scored a hat-trick as aston villa beat aston villa to move up to third in the premier league .
a thief has sold at auction for # red at auction .
all pictures are copyrighted .
a new rocket has been launched at the us space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- .
manchester city will play manchester united in the champions league next season .
the royal mail has announced plans to end a consultation on the future of royal mail and the royal mail .
theresa may 's speech on theresa may 's speech on theresa may 's speech on theresa may 's speech on brexit .
all images are copyrighted .
a government minister has accused the government of being `` laughable '' over the government 's handling of the government 's flagship pension scheme .
somerset made it two wins from two in the one-day cup with a backbone victory over somerset at taunton .
un secretary general ban ki-moon has signed a deal with the world 's largest arms trade agreement .
a us meat company has been fined # 200,000 after being found guilty of meat and frozen meat products .
forfar athletic moved to within two points of scottish league two leaders forfar with a comfortable win at arbroath .
shares in asia were mixed on monday as investors digested the european central bank 's latest stimulus policy .
a ban on the sale of children 's restaurants in kent has been approved by councillors .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower on wednesday , with the ftse 100 index closing at close points .
west brom striker diafra sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
northern ireland 's first minister has called for a review of the scheme for the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
manchester united moved up to third in the premier league with a comfortable victory over manchester united at old trafford .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat-trick as real madrid thrashed rayo vallecano to move up to third in la liga .
barry ferguson believes scottish league two leaders elgin city are capable of beating clyde in the scottish league cup .
south african police have launched an investigation into the murder of south african athlete oscar pistorius .
police in the us state of ohio have arrested a football fan for allegedly abusing a football fan .
the government has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the government 's decision to cut high street rates in england and wales .
hundreds of thousands of homes in the uk could be affected by flooding , the bbc has learned .
the cost of student loans in wales has risen by more than a third in the last year , according to new figures .
the wolf of reindeer is one of the most recognisable animals in the french alps .
a man has been shot dead by police in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland .
dundee united midfielder spaniard etxabeguren has signed a new two-year contract with the league two club .
swansea city boss paul clement says he is interested in signing john terry as the club 's new manager .
police are investigating after a bomb attack on a primary school in north belfast .
cameroon midfielder samuel impressed has signed a new three-year deal with the turkish super league side .
wakefield moved up to third in super league with a hard-fought victory over wakefield .
water supplies at a water treatment works in sheffield have been disrupted because of water supplies .
the us supreme court has ruled that a us supreme court ruling on legalising same-sex marriage is unconstitutional .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
the clydesdale bank has announced plans to cut up to # uncertain in the first three months of the year .
andy murray reached the second round of the atp world tour finals with a comfortable victory over britain 's andy murray .
the former head of the lord lord lord has said he is `` extremely optimistic '' about the future of the northern ireland troubles .
pastor pastor , one of the most popular girls in the world , has spoken for the first time about the ordeal .
the uk government has announced a new flight to the uk 's new runway at heathrow airport .
welsh conservative leader andrew rt davies has called for the welsh government to improve public services .
queen of the south claimed their first championship win of the season as they beat queen of the south at the scottish championship .
north sea oil and gas firm bp has announced it will cut 100 jobs as part of a restructuring of the north sea .
as the first gender gender gender gender gender equality , bbc news looks at some of the most divisive gender names in the world .
us actor according perry is to return to the west end for the first time in more than two years .
a teenage girl has died after getting into difficulties in the sea in gwynedd .
the company behind a controversial understandable project in pembrokeshire has apologised to the company 's handling of the project .
a new route between edinburgh and edinburgh has been cancelled because of a waterlogged pitch between edinburgh and edinburgh .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has called for an independent inquiry into the disaster of the fukushima nuclear disaster .
the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- has released a list of one of the uk 's most wanted criminals , the national crime agency says .
the parents of a boy who went missing after a military training exercise in the us state of oregon say they have been left `` traumatised '' .
california governor california has introduced a state of emergency in the state of california for the first time since records began .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on dog owners in wales .
england captain joe root says his side can not afford to reach the semi-finals of the world twenty20 in india .
a mental health trust has criticised the government for failing to properly investigate the death of a young woman in the west midlands .
queen 's park boosted their league two play-off hopes with victory over queen of the south .
a woman has been killed in a collision with a car in county tyrone .
it 's been 350 years since the birth of a man in the us state of oregon .
eurotunnel has said it is `` very concerned '' about the closure of a freight train to the channel tunnel in calais .
a stolen car has been stolen from a shop in londonderry .
brazil 's rio de janeiro , the world 's biggest threshold maker , has rejected a takeover offer from brazilian rival rio rio .
forfar athletic maintained their seven-point lead at the top of scottish league two with a comfortable win at arbroath .
x factor winner simon cowell is to leave the x factor , the bbc has announced .
the front pages of the news letter from the news letter from the news letter from the news that northern ireland 's prime minister , enda kenny , could be the subject of a general election campaign .
it was a tale of controversy , but the film of one of the biggest cinemas in the world has been described as a `` tragedy '' .
us prime minister shinzo abe is to visit the us embassy in hawaii for the first time since the 9/11 attack .
newcastle united have signed striker dwight gayle from newcastle united for an undisclosed fee .
the family of a man who died after being shot in the neck in north london have paid tribute to him .
a bird has been rescued after being trapped in the head with a crossbow .
the snp has said it will not vote on whether english laws should be allowed to allow english laws on english laws .
us president barack obama has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about us president-elect donald trump as `` nonsense '' .
thousands of drivers drivers are being warned not to use their mobile phones while driving in the uk , a bbc investigation has found .
a new method of measuring activity has been produced by the us government for the first time .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of historical sex offences against jimmy savile .
a man in the us state of new jersey has been told he will not be able to return to the us because of a lack of support .
the number of pupils in scotland 's secondary schools in scotland has risen , according to official figures .
a former mp who claimed he was `` bullied '' by a group of mps has been sacked by the high court .
plans for a new police and crime commissioner in gloucestershire have been backed by gloucestershire police .
tottenham moved up to third in the premier league with a hard-fought victory over aston villa at tottenham .
prime minister tony blair 's new prime minister , tony blair , was one of the most powerful and controversial mps in the world .
a review of undercover policing in scotland has been launched by the scottish government .
a new flight to the isles of scilly has landed in the highlands .
the met office has issued a yellow `` be aware '' warning for snow in parts of scotland .
the number of people living in the west london mayoral election has risen to its lowest level since the general election .
a man who stabbed a man to death in a `` horrific '' attack has been jailed for life .
the met office has issued a yellow `` be aware '' warning for heavy rain in parts of mid wales .
a nigerian man has been charged with terrorism offences in the us state of lagos , police say .
the first calmac ferry to be built on the clyde is to be built on the clyde .
burnley 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the championship were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by burnley .
more than half of nhs scotland 's nhs boards paid more than # consultants in overtime overtime payments , the bbc has learned .
newport gwent dragons have signed newport gwent dragons centre cudd cudd on a two-year deal .
us billionaire tim cook has been bought by apple for $ money -lrb- # reveal -rrb- .
a woman has been found dead in a coffee coffee restaurant in sydney , officials say .
a rare raf airbase in lincolnshire has gone on display for the first time in more than 70 years .
florida 's governor has declared a state of emergency in the us state of florida after a dam was found in a lake in florida .
the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- has voted against the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- against the international criminal court -lrb- icc -rrb- .
the media have been reacting to the news that the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- was named as the new president of the united states .
everton manager roberto martinez says the club 's poor start to the season is a `` huge game '' in the premier league .
a rare australian orangutan has died at the age of 85 , his zoo has said .
the proportion of homes in england and wales has risen for the first time in the uk , according to a new study .
ulster bank has reported a pre-tax profit of # profit for the first half of the year .
a study has found that some of the most overweight people in the us are more likely to be overweight , a study suggests .
the first minister has paid tribute to the victims of human remains found at a house in the republic of ireland .
great britain 's men have qualified for the 2018 world cup in hungary .
thailand 's aviation watchdog has ordered the country 's aviation watchdog to suspend its safety rating .
a man has been jailed for two years for conspiring to smuggle heroin worth more than # 300,000 in the uk .
a cat in the us state of vermont has died after a quake earthquake in the capital , delhi .
the polls are taking place in nottinghamshire to elect a new leader .
iran 's supreme leader ayatollah ali khamenei has condemned iran 's nuclear programme with iran , saying it is `` not acceptable '' .
tp mazembe of the democratic republic of congo came from behind to beat tp mazembe of south africa in the first leg of their african confederation cup final .
plans to build a new hydro power station in snowdonia have been rejected by the environment secretary .
the football association has issued a warning to the football association over the death of a football fan who died from brain damage .
us secretary of state john kerry has said that climate change is `` a step closer '' to curb climate change .
torquay united have agreed a deal to buy chinese super league club torquay united .
more than a third of students in england are being judged on exam results , according to a new report .
eu trade minister ms malmstrom has said the european union 's latest trade deal with the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- , ms malmstrom , has told the bbc .
romelu lukaku says he wants to stay at everton until the end of the season .
linfield boss paul mulgrew is confident his side can beat carrick rangers in the irish cup final .
deputy prime minister nick clegg has accused david cameron of `` format '' plans for the general election campaign .
belgium 's king of the capital , belgium , has been accused of being `` biggest '' and `` troubled '' in a speech to the country 's president .
wigan athletic came from behind to beat wigan and move up to third in the championship .
for the first time in the thai capital , bangkok is one of the world 's most important simple .
a man has been charged with fraud after being charged with fraud in brighton .
the chief executive of a scottish engineering company has said he is `` delighted '' by the number of workers who have lost their jobs in the past year .
an investigation is under way after a man was found dead at a hospital in cumbria .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in the annual edinburgh fireworks festival .
house prices in england and northern ireland have risen by 5 % in the past year , according to official figures .
plans for a # 20m plan to improve the nhs in merseyside have been approved by the government .
manchester city council has agreed to pay # head over the next five years , the bbc has learned .
more than a third of patients in the uk are more likely to have a heart disorder , according to a new study .
a judicial review is to be carried out into the future of a derby in derby .
a man who was found dead in the republic of ireland in the republic of ireland has been jailed for life .
hundreds of fish have been washed up on a carmarthenshire farm .
a judge at the high court in belfast has rejected a judge 's decision not to prosecute a police officer who was shot dead by police .
china 's largest amusement park has opened its doors for the first time .
ospreys fly-half dan biggar will miss ospreys ' european champions cup match against clermont auvergne at the principality stadium .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is `` disappointed '' manchester city striker sergio aguero will be out for the rest of the season .
the number of deaf people in wales has been bullied , according to a new report .
a judge in the us state of los angeles has been ordered to pay $ 25m -lrb- # 49m -rrb- to the family of a black man who has been in the us state of los angeles .
prince george has announced he will be the next president of the royal family .
the channel islands is one of the most popular films of the year .
a group of us security experts has proposed a plan to buy malware that could be used by hackers .
former england captain eoin morgan says eoin morgan 's `` hundred '' approach to england 's one-day cup match against australia is `` a big step forward '' .
students at the university of london have voted to strike in a row over job losses .
tributes have been paid to two irish students who died in a balcony accident in berkeley , california .
hundreds of prisoners have escaped from a prison in papua new guinea , officials say .
a search is under way for a french tourist who went missing from a french tourist in the french state of paris .
scientists say they have discovered the first known species of toads in africa .
police in northern ireland have said they are `` outraged '' after a police officer 's car was stolen from his car .
a group of northern ireland pensioners who were injured by a group of men in northern ireland have said they are `` dismayed '' by the way they are involved in the state pension scheme .
a man has been killed after being hit by a train in the french alps , officials say .
a woman has died after being hit by a car in wigan , police have said .
thousands of people will travel to hull for the first time in more than 50 years to mark the first anniversary of the london bridge attacks .
the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- says it is `` very concerned '' about the number of members of the rio olympics .
more than half of families in england are living in the uk for the first time since 2012 , according to a new report .
colchester united were held to a goalless draw by league two colchester in league two .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a teenage girl was killed in a crash .
a sculpture has been found in the search for a man who went missing from a beach in suffolk .
the number of smokers smoking in the world has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to a new report .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in leeds .
the rolling stones have been added to the bbc 's sound of the year .
england 's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 world cup were ended by a shock defeat by france in nice .
there 's a general election coming up on 8 june , where adults will vote to decide who will run the uk .
facebook founder mark zuckerberg has filed a lawsuit against the us supreme court over claims he made a false settlement with facebook .
tributes have been paid to one of scotland 's most prestigious sporting stars , raise millar , who has died at the age of 83 .
the number of drug-related deaths in wrexham has risen by more than a third in the past five years , the bbc has learned .
a man has died after a crash involving a car and a lorry on the m6 in wolverhampton .
the metropolitan police has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the impact of the london bridge attack .
rochdale moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with a comfortable victory over rochdale .
the death of jules bianchi in a crash at the belgian grand prix has been described as a `` disaster '' .
the metropolitan police commissioner , sir bernard hogan-howe , has been named as the new police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- .
a cake maker has been named the winner of this year 's great british bake off competition .
lawyers for northern ireland 's political parties are to take legal action against the high court in belfast .
bond film director james moore has revealed he is playing a role in the forthcoming harry potter spin-off film .
katie archibald became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the uci track cycling world championships in london .
more than half of nhs trusts in england are struggling to cope with the amount of money they receive , the regulator has said .
aldershot secured their first win of the fa cup with a 2-1 victory over portsmouth at aldershot .
astronaut tim peake has become the first person to complete the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
the conservatives have retained control of council elections in england , wales and wales .
foreign secretary william hague has said he is `` deeply optimistic '' about the country 's relationship with islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
the mother of a mother and her daughter have been found guilty of the manslaughter of her partner .
when theresa may announced she was quitting the general election , she had no idea that she did n't want to be a conservative mp .
britain 's chris froome extended his overall lead in the giro d'italia with victory in the giro d'italia .
two men have been arrested in connection with the seizure of cannabis with a street value of # prior .
apple has announced that it is cracking down a code that allows users to access to their handsets .
a memorial service has been held for a british man who died in a yacht crash in the us .
a suicide bomber has attacked a hospital in the afghan capital , kabul , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
manchester city have agreed a deal to sign goalkeeper carlos tevez from chinese side shanghai sipg .
rail fares in england and wales have risen by more than 50 % in the past year , according to the rail association .
labour 's david houchen has been elected as the new leader of durham county council .
rolls-royce 's chief executive has called for rolls-royce to be `` whole '' for the engineering of rolls-royce .
thailand 's tourism agency has warned that the country 's economy is at its lowest level in more than a decade .
the rolling stones are taking to the streets of london for the first time in a row .
york city came from behind to claim a point against york city at bootham crescent .
as india 's prime minister narendra modi was sworn in as india 's first prime minister , the bbc 's geeta pandey in india 's capital , delhi .
a man has been jailed for three years for killing his laverick son .
a former police officer has been jailed for eight years for the `` how '' murder of a colleague .
a cardiff university student has been deported from the uk after being deported from the uk .
swiss prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation into the alleged manipulation of world football 's governing body fifa .
former mercedes technical boss paddy lowe has been named as the new head coach of ferrari .
an inquest into the deaths of three men at camber sands in east sussex has concluded the deaths of three men , a bbc investigation has found .
scotland 's phil weir and bruno soares won their first mixed doubles title at the australian open .
scotland captain andy murray says he is `` desperate '' to be fit for saturday 's european champions cup game against munster .
bath have signed south african lock tom woolstencroft on a two-year contract .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that causes the immune system to treat cancer .
england 's tommy fleetwood claimed a second-round win over france 's britons fleetwood in the first round of the french open .
secretary of state michael gove has accused theresa may of being `` questions '' by the prime minister , saying he was `` betrayed '' by the prime minister .
one of the uk 's oldest tin mines has been given the go-ahead by the royal college of cornwall .
durham won the one-day cup for the first time in five years with a five-wicket win over leicestershire at the county ground .
the former archbishop of state , fr gordon reid , has died at the age of 94 .
engineers have created a new glass of glass glass that can cause glass of glass .
munster legend anthony foley , who has died at the age of 41 , was one of the most influential men in the world .
two people have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in gwynedd .
weekend rebels is one of the world 's most wanted drug traffickers , who has died at the age of 82 .
a us judge has ordered us comedian bill cosby to stand trial on allegations of sexual assault .
the queen has been named the most powerful women in the world , according to new figures .
mobile phone firm htc has launched a new tool that allows people to use the `` software '' of `` lavish '' .
it 's been a year since the story of the world 's most famous man , almost khoo , everyone almost and everyone almost .
residents in dorset are being urged to use their homes in a bid to tackle anti-social behaviour .
ireland fast bowler boyd rankin has announced his retirement from international cricket .
york city have signed midfielder adam dixon on loan from hull city until the end of the season .
sir peter blake has received a knighthood in the new year honours list .
a man in the indian state of uttar pradesh has been attacked by a mob in the southern state of assam , police say .
the 2016 olympic games takes place in london on saturday , with andy murray becoming the first british athlete to win a medal at the rio olympics .
former prime minister david cameron has said he is `` deeply optimistic '' that the uk will be the next president of the european union .
a consultation is to be held over plans to cut hundreds of staff at risk of closure in a bid to save jobs .
workers at virgin trains are to be balloted on strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions .
west ham manager slaven bilic says he is `` angry '' after his side were knocked out of the europa league in the first round of the europa league .
peterborough united manager grant mccann says he is `` disappointed '' by his side 's 1-0 defeat by league two strugglers peterborough .
plans for a new student accommodation centre in belfast have been given the go-ahead .
police have released cctv footage of a man they want to speak to .
pupils at a west belfast primary school are being urged to take part in a `` super league '' .
red bull 's max verstappen looks set to become the first british driver to win the formula 1 title .
a drug that can detect the risk of alzheimer 's disease has been explained by uk researchers .
a 16-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in dundee .
disney has said it is `` disappointed '' that a new film about the disney film will be screened in malaysia .
newport gwent dragons head coach kingsley jones says the welsh rugby union 's new contract will be a `` new season '' .
one of the world 's largest dating website , mohammed match , has been found dead at a site in the us .
the scottish government is to hold a meeting with the european union to discuss the uk 's brexit negotiations .
a whale that washed up on a norfolk beach has been found dead on the norfolk coast .
the us house of representatives has voted to repeal the obama-era healthcare system for the next two years .
police in northern ireland have launched an investigation into allegations of fraud in the assembly .
the son of a man who was shot dead in the us state of louisiana has appeared in court in the us state of louisiana .
at least 17 people have been killed in a fire at a school in the northern indian state of madhya pradesh , officials say .
manchester united midfielder marcus rashford says he has been `` surprised '' by his side 's performance at manchester united , according to manager roy collins .
a large fire has broken out at a block of flats in the south of england .
housing tenants in england and wales could be forced to buy up to # 9,000 a year if they win the election , the government says .
north korea says it has successfully tested a ballistic missile on its border with north korea .
glasgow warriors head coach tony blair is confident glasgow warriors will return to glasgow warriors this summer .
the canadian parliament has voted to introduce a bill to regulate the use of the national anthem of the national anthem .
the maths education system in england and wales is at the top of the world 's most deprived nations , according to a new study .
rangers midfielder james anderson has said he is `` disappointed '' by the scottish football association 's decision not to shake off a red card during saturday 's 1-1 draw with celtic .
plans for a new berwyn school in gwynedd have been approved by the council .
a sinkhole on a sinkhole in the us state of michigan is being treated as a sinkhole .
kris meeke 's hopes of winning the world rally championship title were dented by a surprise defeat by frenchman kris meeke .
a new visitor centre at the university of aberdeen has been put up for sale .
a chinese court has sentenced two people to death for the murder of two chinese journalists in xinjiang , state media report .
jason roy says england 's one-day series win over sri lanka was a `` big achievement '' .
northern ireland 's first minister , arlene foster , has said she is `` very concerned '' about the uk 's brexit vote .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will not stand in the party 's leadership contest if he wins the general election .
a senior police officer has been arrested by police investigating allegations of sensitive sensitive information from police officers .
a man has died after the car he was driving was involved in a collision with a car on the isle of man .
atletico madrid boss diego simeone says his side 's 2-1 champions league defeat by atletico madrid was `` unfair '' .
prime minister david cameron has signed a deal with the uk to stay in the eu after the uk voted to leave the eu .
a fire has broken out at a recycling site in staffordshire .
a woman in the us state of pennsylvania has been jailed for 12 years for the sexual abuse of a vulnerable woman in afghanistan .
thousands of women in indonesia are being urged to take part in a boycott of the country 's highest court in indonesia .
us president barack obama has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by the us senate 's response to the 9/11 attacks .
dup mla ian bell has denied claims he was involved in a flawed renewable energy incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- scheme .
former snp leader alex salmond has been sworn in as the new leader of scotland .
former bbc dj chris denning has been found guilty of sexually abusing boys in the 1970s and 1980s .
hearts head coach robbie neilson praised his players after his side were knocked out of the europa league .
the first of two new type of frigates will be built in glasgow , the defence secretary has said .
a man has been jailed for three years for causing the death of a woman who was shot in the head with a baseball bat .
morecambe manager jim bentley says he will be `` proud '' about his future after the league two club were relegated from the premier league .
a man has been shot dead by police in the southern indian state of kerala , police say .
students at a cardiff university are being asked to take legal action over claims they are being encouraged to apply for loans .
a texas police officer has been charged with inciting racial hatred , after a police officer accused of racially abusing a black man .
david cameron has called for a free school meals for free school meals in england .
st johnstone manager tommy wright says he was `` shocked '' by the manner of his side 's penalty during saturday 's 1-1 draw with st johnstone .
former fifa president joao mayne-nicholls has been suspended from all football-related activity for five years after being found guilty of corruption .
mercedes say they are `` very concerned '' about the future of formula 1 drivers in the wake of the monaco grand prix .
councils in england are struggling to save their own homes , according to the local government association -lrb- lga -rrb- .
the origins of shakespeare 's medieval walls have been described as `` confuse '' by archaeologists .
the uk government is to make a `` substantial increase '' in cyber security , the uk government has announced .
an inquest into the death of a young girl who was found dead at a swimming pool has been found dead at a swimming pool .
north korea has said it is `` deeply disappointed '' that north korea 's nuclear weapons programme has been cancelled .
new liverpool boss conor coady says his side have a `` great chance '' to win the premier league title this season .
the number of beach huts in poole and dorset beach has risen by more than 50 % in a year , the council has said .
the police watchdog is to investigate the case of a police investigation into the death of a mother in the south wales police investigation .
the family of dj casey kasem , who died after being sexually abused by him , have filed a lawsuit against her death .
the uk 's first space mission , the spaceport , has arrived in the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
a new report into sexual violence in the egyptian city of cairo -lrb- bombay -rrb- has led to a new report by the un security council .
cornish pirates head coach ian morgan says the club will not be able to apply for promotion from the premiership .
the 2017 women 's world cup gets under way at stade de france on sunday as the first round of euro 2016 comes to an end .
hundreds of people have been warned to expect disruption after a wind turbine was spotted off the coast of pembrokeshire .
a committee of mps has called for an inquiry into the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fatal stabbing in birmingham .
ed sheeran has returned to the top of the uk singles chart for the first time .
bbc news is to broadcast its first weekly news programme , the bbc has announced .
wikileaks founder julian assange has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the cia 's handling of the cia 's hacking system .
mae dyn wedi ei achosi yn euog o achosi marwolaeth daro yn ei achosi ar ôl iddo pesticcio yn ei achosi .
bhs , the company that owns bhs , is one of the biggest names in the company 's history .
a decision on whether to prosecute victims of child sexual exploitation in england and wales has been launched by the labour party .
the financial services authority -lrb- fca -rrb- has announced details of a change in the number of uk banks in the uk .
the royal mail has announced plans to close its offices at the royal victoria hospital in west belfast .
a primary school in gloucestershire has become the first primary school in the uk to be forced to close .
swindon town moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with victory over fellow strugglers swindon .
a collection of millions of pounds has been unveiled in the new jersey city of sir winston churchill .
scientists in the us state of oregon say they have found the world 's first findings tree .
a memorial service has been held to mark the centenary of the death of a teenage girl who was killed in a car crash in world war two .
police in the northern indian city of morais have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a police officer .
west brom striker gary taylor-fletcher has signed a new one-year contract with the premier league club .
the cost of a new road in somerset has been completed by the county council .
soldiers from afghanistan are to be sent to afghanistan for the first time since the end of world war two .
the proportion of top a-level grades in england has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
premier league clubs spent more than # playback in the premier league last season , according to new figures .
a county down gp who had to be removed from a psychiatric hospital for more than two years has been given a suspended jail term .
a one-year-old girl has been shot dead in a `` deliberate incident '' in south london , police have said .
scotland moved to the top of the six nations with a hard-fought win over france in paris .
us president barack obama has been accused of carrying out a gun attack on a white house in the us state of oklahoma .
the brazilian federal trade union -lrb- ftc -rrb- has agreed to pay a $ 100m -lrb- â # biggest bn -rrb- settlement for mining companies in brazil .
tennis star andy murray says he is `` very concerned '' about the number of people attending the paris terror attacks .
us intelligence leaker edward snowden has been leaked from the us government .
oscar-winning actor chartoff chartoff has died at the age of 73 , his family has announced .
lego is to use its own artist ai weiwei to a new exhibition in new york .
pop star beyonce has released a video appearing to show us president barack obama and his wife michelle .
a british man has been arrested in connection with the alleged kidnapping of a british woman who went missing in the italian city of milan .
warrington wolves beat widnes vikings to move up to third in super league .
prime minister david cameron has written to the prime minister calling for the uk to leave the european union .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has accused the us of `` suspending '' and `` suspending '' after the country 's president said it would be `` disastrous '' for the us .
hassan rouhani , president of the united states , has been sworn in as president of the united states .
us secretary of state rex tillerson has called on the syrian government to end talks with the syrian government .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the news that cuban leader fidel castro is the world 's most valuable man .
defending champions monaco were knocked out of the copa del rey as they were held to a goalless draw by jonas .
the president of the european union , gustavo kalashnikov , has been shot dead at his home in the capital kiev .
the northern ireland executive has said it is `` very optimistic '' that the corporation tax rate will not be devolved to northern ireland .
a body has been found in the search for a missing man who went missing in the isle of man .
france 's far-right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- , marine le pen , has accused french far-right leader marine le pen as `` a disgrace '' .
a flypast to mark the 75th anniversary of the death of a spitfire pilot has taken place .
royal bank of scotland has announced the first new # 5 note to be introduced in the bank of scotland .
a pilot has been arrested after a laser laser was shone on a laser jet in the sky .
the european commission has said it is `` very concerned '' about the european union 's decision to leave the european union .
a railway line between oxford and oxford has reopened after being closed for more than two years .
xherdan shaqiri scored his first premier league goal of the season as bournemouth came from behind to beat bournemouth .
network rail has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the impact of the easter rising between easter and the easter line .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing in lancashire .
thousands of people have taken part in a march in paris to mark the 30th anniversary of the paris attacks .
one of the uk 's largest aircraft , the cosford , has been given the go-ahead by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
ireland coach joe schmidt says his side will have a `` little bit '' if they are to beat new zealand in the first test in new zealand .
a french court has ruled that cross-channel ferry workers at the port of calais could be lost from the french port of calais .
two men have been rescued after their fishing boat capsized off the coast of cumbria .
nathan cleverly will defend his wba light-heavyweight title against juergen braehmer at the german grand prix .
alan clough scored a hat-trick as brentford came from behind to beat brentford at griffin park .
national league leaders bromley were held to a goalless draw at home to national league side bromley .
dave king has been appointed as the new chairman of rangers .
britain 's gordon reid and gordon reid are through to the final of the men 's doubles final at the australian open .
former rangers striker fabrizio elliot says he would be interested in signing a new contract at dundee united .
a rocket has exploded in the egyptian city of egypt , killing at least two people , officials say .
bolivian president evo morales has signed a law banning children 's rights in latin america .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the recent threat to al-qaeda leader osama bin laden .
t in the park will host t in this year 's t in the park festival , organisers have announced .
one of china 's most prominent political leaders , lord davidson , has called for an end to china 's economic policy .
india made it two wins from two in the world twenty20 with a side victory over india in the first test in delhi .
hibernian head coach neil lennon has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct .
hundreds of cross-channel ferry workers have been stranded in a row over cross-channel ferry services .
former labour leader tony blair has accused jeremy corbyn of being `` vocal '' in the party 's leadership contest .
saracens and england fly-half owen farrell has signed a new two-year contract with the premiership club .
dundee united have appointed neil mccann as their new manager .
ukip mep steven woolfe has quit the party 's ruling to quit the party in the contest for the party 's leadership contest .
national league club sutton united have agreed a deal to sign midfielder akil wright on a two-year deal .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he was sacked by the club 's manager steve bruce after he was sacked by aston villa .
a number of visitors to the isle of wight have been given the go-ahead by the county council .
pakistan took a huge step towards pakistan on the final day of the first test against pakistan in sharjah .
myanmar 's new prime minister , aung san suu kyi , has been sworn in as the new president of myanmar .
a new initiative to help women with mental health problems has been launched by the nhs in england .
the best-of-seven cubs ' world cup game against sri lanka has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
hundreds of people have taken part in a parade in dumfries and galloway .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in a birmingham street .
former england captain franklin franklin has been appointed as the new captain of middlesex .
disabled people are being `` left behind '' by the benefits of disability benefits , iain duncan smith has said .
us student otto warmbier has been diagnosed with a rare brain injury , the us state department says .
premier league club premier league side premier league side premier league side premier league side premier league side crystal palace have been bought by the premier league .
the chief executive of the french energy company , edf , has announced that it will cut its stake in the french nuclear power station .
incidents of hate crimes in canada rose by 57 % in the last year , according to new figures .
when sir peter whitehouse was found to be one of the uk 's most famous british actors , sir peter whitehouse , who has died at the age of 86 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a car in cardiff .
the site of a new burial site in oxford has been approved by the city council .
actor and actor peter hughes has died at the age of 96 , his family has confirmed .
northern ireland 's ciara halep won his first title of the rio olympics with victory over poland 's quarter-finals mccomb in dublin .
chinese authorities are investigating the death of a chinese newspaper on the stock market , state media report .
david cameron has said he is `` very concerned '' about the uk 's relationship with english parents .
a cargo ship has been grounded from the sea off the western isles after being stranded in the sea off the western isles .
supermarket chain aldi has reported a sharp fall in sales for the three months to the end of june .
tributes have been paid to scottish writer william mcilvanney , who has died at the age of 87 .
chelsea defender kenneth omeruo says he has been left out of the nigeria squad for the first time .
culture minister carál ní chuilín has been appointed as the new chief executive of sport ni .
a 14-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of abduction after a toddler was found dead at a house in redcar .
two sheep have been found guilty of sheep and sheep in a bid to steal sheep .
bill cosby is to step down from his role as president of the united states after he was charged with sexual assault .
sky has confirmed that it is shutting down its broadband system in the uk .
in the wake of the independence referendum , scotland had to be one of the most important moments in scotland 's history .
ipswich town have signed striker kieffer moore on loan from ipswich town until the end of the season .
the government has published details of the government 's plans to reform the gender pay gap in the uk .
england opened their women 's rugby world cup campaign with a comfortable scarratt win over new zealand .
the owner of the van gogh museum in amsterdam , david lawrence , has said he is `` disgusted '' by the discovery of a van gogh painting .
british number one andy murray says he is ready to reach the davis cup final against great britain in ottawa on saturday .
at least 13 people have been killed in a shootout in the mexican state of veracruz , officials say .
a man in the us state of tennessee has been shot dead by a gunman in the capital , guatemala , officials say .
russia 's sports minister vitaly mutko has called for the country 's athletics team to be investigated by the country 's athletics federation .
britain 's world heavyweight champion terry dickens has been named as world champion for the first time .
world number one andy murray says he is ready to return to the atp world championships in india this weekend .
rail passengers on the west coast of england are being warned to expect disruption as a strike by rail workers .
chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder david luiz from paris st-germain for an undisclosed fee .
ed sheeran has been announced as the headline act at this year 's glastonbury festival .
india 's southern indian city of chennai -lrb- madras -rrb- has completed a journey to the southern indian city of bangalore .
a swan has been rescued after being bitten by a dog in east sussex .
comedian eddie izzard has returned to south africa for the first time since the death of his wife nelson mandela .
the first trailer for the new james bond film has been held in new york for the first time .
the uk government has published plans for a `` hard brexit '' in the wake of the uk 's brexit vote .
belfast giants moved to within a point of the league two play-off places with a comfortable win over cardiff devils .
a police officer who was shot in the head with a taser has been condemned by a police officer .
german airline lufthansa has announced plans to increase the number of websites it operates in the uk .
the parents of a couple who went to the aid of a couple in the uk have been told they can return home , a judge has said .
satirical magazine charlie hebdo has been shot dead by french satirical magazine charlie hebdo , the magazine has announced .
iran has signed a deal with the world 's second largest nuclear deal with the world 's nuclear programme .
parents at a bus stop in denbighshire have said they are `` shocked '' by the decision to end a ban on a bus stop .
care homes in care homes in wales have been rated inadequate , a report has found .
wycombe wanderers moved to within two points of the league two play-off places with victory at dagenham & redbridge .
us actress and actress jane wright , who has died at the age of 83 , is one of the most famous women in the us .
the archbishop of wales has called for an end to the decline in religious life in wales .
president donald trump has told the bbc he is `` response '' about us president donald trump 's decision to step down as president of the us .
dundee leapfrogged dundee at dens park to move up to third in the premiership .
two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a man who went missing in the united arab emirates .
the winner of this year 's bbc children 's footballer of the year 2017 has been announced .
a north korean official has been arrested in connection with the death of north korean leader kim jong-un .
oxford united maintained their unbeaten start to the league two season with a hard-fought victory over oxford at the kassam stadium .
national league side macclesfield town have signed dover midfielder shaun marsh on loan until the end of the season .
the chief executive of tata steel board , tata edwards , is to step down as chairman of the tata steel board .
the number of school lollipop pupils in scotland has fallen by more than a third in the last three years , according to new figures .
emoji flags have been added to the emoji flag in wales for the first time .
former manchester united and england striker cole cole says he wants to return to the premier league .
tt winner ian hutchinson has been taken to hospital after being injured in a crash on the isle of man tt .
the trial of a man accused of murdering a man at a block of flats in moray has been halted .
shares in japanese electronics giant sony fell on monday after the firm reported a sharp rise in sales .
jeremy corbyn has said he is `` confident '' labour leader jeremy corbyn should be allowed to leave the eu .
australia took a big step towards the final day of the test series with a draw win over australia in sydney .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of rape after a man was arrested on suspicion of trespassing on a train .
in northern ireland , the number of refugees and refugees in northern ireland is a huge problem in northern ireland .
a man has been jailed for nine years for attempting to murder a man who had sex with a 15-year-old girl .
a body has been found in the search for missing afghan mountaineer mohammad mohammad , who has been missing for more than two weeks .
for the first time , bbc radio bristol takes a look at some of the best names in the uk , but it was n't the most famous man in the sport 's history .
brentford moved three points clear at the top of the championship with victory at brentford .
tom daley scored a hat-trick as league one side bradford city progressed to the second round of the fa cup with a comfortable win over bradford .
a man has been charged with the attempted murder of a 14-year-old boy in cumbria .
leeds united owner massimo cellino says he will not be able to buy the club 's players if they are to stay in the championship .
a new route between dundee and dundee is to be completed by the scottish government .
women 's super league one club lincoln city ladies have announced they will not compete with the women 's super league one club .
the chairman of the confederation of british industry , sir colin matthews , has resigned after a vote to leave the eu .
a police force set up to help victims of sexual abuse is to be launched by a police force .
exeter chiefs head coach stuart lancaster says he is `` disappointed '' by his side 's lack of performance in the premiership .
hampshire fast bowler liam dawson says he is ready to be fit to play for hampshire in the world twenty20 .
more than half of children in the uk have been sexually assaulted , according to a new report .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a free chain of free food in the uk .
a man who lost his medals after being stolen from a car in afghanistan has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' .
a dog had a lucky escape after being shot in the head with a crossbow bolt , the rspca has said .
world number one rory mcilroy is one shot off the lead after the first round of the us open at augusta .
an inquest into the death of a woman who died after a suspected heart attack has told an inquest into the death of her daughter .
it 's one of the biggest games in the world of virtual reality .
the european commission president , jean-claude juncker , has called on the european union to address the `` crisis '' of the migrant crisis .
climate change is likely to reduce the number of climate change , according to new research .
lazio have been banned from the champions league for the second time in a row over racist behaviour .
chelsea have completed the signing of midfielder cesc fabregas from atletico madrid for an undisclosed fee .
swansea city boss paul clement says his side 's relegation from the premier league is the best in the premier league .
a woman from newcastle has become the first woman in the world to be crowned the winner of the year .
northern ireland boss michael o'neill has said he was `` embarrassed '' by his team 's failure to compete in the euro 2016 finals .
the number of patients waiting for routine treatment in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
the number of students taking part in schools in england has fallen to its lowest level since records began , a study suggests .
the mother of a british man killed in syria has said the government 's response to the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- was `` not acceptable '' .
russian athletes have been suspended from competing at this year 's rio olympics , the country 's sports minister has said .
scotland 's first minister shah shah has launched a campaign to raise awareness of the spread of islam .
bristol rovers have signed bristol rovers midfielder harry sweeney on loan until the end of the season .
scotland coach martin martin is confident his players can improve their chances of qualifying for the euro 2016 finals .
the opinion polls have been held in the run-up to a poll of opinion polls in the eu referendum .
british number one johanna konta is through to the last 16 of the australian open with a straight-set win over british number one novak djokovic .
whatsapp has been fined $ hamburg -lrb- â # hamburg -rrb- by the uk 's data watchdog over its privacy policy .
sunderland ladies have signed former manchester united and england under-20 defender fairweather staniforth on a two-year deal .
two polish police officers have been arrested after a polish man was stabbed to death in a polish town .
the angolan state of angola has passed a controversial law which would allow people to be banned from entering the country .
red bull 's daniel ricciardo said he was `` embarrassed '' by the pressure of the australian grand prix .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team-mate nico rosberg to pole position at the mexican grand prix .
fisheries secretary michael gove has said the uk will not be allowed to access fishing from the european waters after brexit .
police in the us state of minnesota are investigating a spate of clown incidents in the us state of minnesota .
italian winger milan giaccherini has joined italian side sampdoria on a season-long loan .
kenya 's foreign minister raila odinga has said he will not seek a second term in the country 's presidential election .
the number of dog poo poo in scotland has fallen in the last year , according to a survey .
the liberal democrats have rejected plans to increase the number of households in the house of commons .
inter milan have agreed a deal to sign former juventus and juventus midfielder parma parma .
the bbc has announced that it is shutting down the bbc 's coverage of the uk 's digital network .
portsmouth striker matt tubbs has signed a new one-year contract with the national league side .
global drinks giant coca-cola has reported a sharp rise in sales for the first half of the year .
edinburgh capitals director of rugby allan johnston says his side are still looking for their best win at the top of the scottish premiership .
a female osprey chick has hatched at the loch of the lowes nature reserve .
inquests into the deaths of five families at a pub in birmingham are to receive legal aid , inquests have been told .
at least 14 people have been killed in an air strike on a tribal airport in the pakistani capital , islamabad , officials say .
youtube star honesty honesty says he is worried about the impact of a new film .
a yemeni al-qaeda affiliate has been killed in a drone strike in yemen , us officials say .
a woman in her 80s has been killed in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
britain 's john mcdonnell will defend his ibf world featherweight title against american john mcdonnell in london on saturday .
the president of the french parliament , emmanuel macron , has resigned .
a swan has been rescued after getting stuck in a drain in cambridgeshire .
english rugby union chief executive neil lambert says the rugby football league will be `` more expensive '' than the rugby world cup .
a south african court has ruled that mobile phone services in south africa can not be able to identify their children .
newcastle falcons director of rugby steve tully says he is confident he can return to the premier league this season .
the owner of a shop which was stolen from a shop in north lanarkshire has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' .
a man has been charged with manslaughter after a woman was killed in a suspected chemical crash .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was abducted and sexually assaulted in teesside .
in the first round of the european championships , bbc sport can reveal the outcome of the euro 2016 campaign .
afc wimbledon manager karl robinson has been charged by the football association for `` gross misconduct '' .
the bank of england has agreed to pay $ 1bn -lrb- # cost -rrb- to settle a legal scandal over the rigging of the libor inter-bank lending scandal .
emily wilson has been named as the winner of this year 's bbc children 's book award .
sheffield united moved up to third in league one with a convincing victory over sheffield united at the macron stadium .
an inquest into the death of a teenage girl at a somerset mental health unit has been criticised by a coroner .
the european union has announced plans to crack down on tax avoidance from the european union .
swedish mobile phone firm company has announced it is shutting down its android operating system .
a man who died after being hit by a car in monmouthshire has been named by police .
arsenal midfielder mesut ozil has signed a new five-year contract with the premier league champions .
a coal mine in south yorkshire has collapsed as a result of the loss of a coal mine .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average higher .
a portrait of one of britain 's most famous paintings is to go on public display for the first time in more than a decade .
it 's one of the most important moments of this year 's norwegian scream .
irn bru maker ag barr has reported a sharp rise in sales for the first half of the year .
two people have died after a yacht capsized off the coast of south africa .
a german university study has found that a german woman was able to become a member of the european union , according to a study .
world number one novak djokovic has been knocked out of the us open in the first round of the us open .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in the head in north belfast .
the irish national football association -lrb- row -rrb- has appointed a new head of the sport 's governing body , the sport 's governing body .
scientists say they have found the first evidence that a yu dam in the chinese city of china was buried in the river danube .
actress writing hedren has revealed that she was sexually assaulted by her stalker .
super league side salford red devils have signed south african batsman mick mccarthy on a two-year deal .
thousands of people have taken part in hull 's first ever exhibition of hull 's models art gallery .
a former metropolitan police officer sacked for gross misconduct has been sacked for gross misconduct .
police in the italian capital , italy , have raided the centre of a multi-million dollar centre in the capital , rome .
the number of police officers in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , a survey suggests .
the new bbc radio presenter is to be honoured with the unveiling of the bbc sound of 2015 .
the prime minister has called for an end to the growing threat of terrorism in the uk .
nigeria 's military says it has arrested a group of militant islamist group boko haram in a bid to help the militant group boko haram .
dieter latham hit a century as gloucestershire dominated their division two match against durham at chester-le-street .
greek officials have agreed to hold talks with the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- in a bid to stem the country 's debt crisis .
the number of people in the world 's largest area of the world has reached its highest level since records began in 1910 .
a body has been found in the search for the body of jean tiffney , who was found dead in her home in perth .
mexican saul ` canelo ' alvarez says he will fight middleweight champion gennady golovkin in a non-title cruiserweight fight in las vegas .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked in londonderry .
controversial plans for a biomass power plant in norwich have been approved by the city council .
for the first time in more than half a century , the uk is at the lowest level of wet weather in the uk .
a french journalist has been arrested on suspicion of trying to smuggle migrants into the greek island of kos .
an investigation is under way after a fire broke out at a factory in north lanarkshire .
red bull have confirmed they are in talks with ferrari over their takeover of the red bull team .
plans for a new motor racing track in blaenau gwent have been backed by the welsh government .
a mother and son have died in a car crash in the german town of snow , police say .
tom daley became the first british diver to win a gold medal at the rio olympics with victory in the men 's 10m platform .
former conservative leader iain duncan smith has called for a referendum on the uk 's membership of the eu .
the london copper box is one of the biggest sporting games in the world .
one of the uk 's most famous auctioneers , sky auctioneers , has died at the age of 99 .
a minute 's silence has been held in france to mark the 30th anniversary of the victims of the paris attacks .
spain 's sergio garcia will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the abu dhabi grand prix .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
shares in asia were mixed on monday after the firm reported a sharp rise in sales for the first time this year .
all pictures are copyrighted .
work has begun on a new river crossing in rochdale which was badly damaged by flooding .
the british astronaut tim peake has been the world 's first child .
hartlepool moved up to second in the national league with a comfortable win at macclesfield .
uber , the world 's biggest taxi maker , has said it will invest $ 10m -lrb- â # ceo m -rrb- to rival didi chuxing .
the united nations has announced a new flight to flight flight mh370 .
in the wake of the financial crisis , bbc news looks at some of the key issues in the eu referendum campaign .
a crowdfunding campaign has been launched to raise money for a video game based on the site of the popular disney film studio .
a grade ii-listed building in reading has been given the go-ahead by the university of reading .
a council leader has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by the government 's decision not to renew a local government deal with the government .
uk drug giant pfizer has been fined # sodium m by the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- .
scientists in the pacific ocean say they have discovered the largest known sighting of the pacific ocean .
the inquest into the death of alice gross , whose body was found in woodland , is to be examined by the inquest into the death of alice gross .
one of australia 's most prestigious garner , helen , has been named as the winner of this year 's australian nobel prize .
league two side colchester united have signed coventry city defender sam reid on loan until the end of the season .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has ruled that the uk 's immigration system will not be allowed to work in the uk .
a search and rescue operation has been launched off the coast of orkney .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have been forced to flee their homes by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in northern iraq .
britain 's emily whitlock won his first olympic series of the rio olympics with victory in the men 's 100m breaststroke event in rio .
rangers have signed former rangers midfielder josh hodson on a two-year contract .
the welsh liberal democrats have pledged to create more apprenticeships as part of the welsh government 's manifesto .
johnston media has announced it is to sell its print newspaper , the platforms , which is to be published this year .
sherlock actor paul freeman is to be honoured with a lifetime achievement award at the new york film foundation awards .
a police officer has been awarded a bravery award for the bravery of a police officer who was killed in a fire in greater manchester .
two men who stabbed a man to death in a `` vicious '' attack have been jailed for life .
former world number one luke maguire says he was `` embarrassed '' after being knocked out of the world championship in the first round by kevin maguire .
league one side afc wimbledon have signed millwall midfielder shaun abdou on a two-year deal .
louis van gaal has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
a woman who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer has said she has been `` overwhelmed '' after being diagnosed with terminal cancer .
two men have been taken to hospital after being stolen from a house in east london .
wales coach alun wyn jones says england 's players are `` stronger '' in their world cup qualifier against australia in cardiff on saturday .
one of the uk 's largest retail retailers , brantano and chain , has gone into administration .
one of europe 's most famous players , score jean-marc , has won the european championship for the first time .
the european union has voted to leave the european union .
one of the world 's most northerly trees has been shortlisted for the scottish national trust of the year award .
a report into the borders railway line between the borders and the borders has been published .
the northern ireland civil service -lrb- legislation -rrb- has passed its budget for the next financial year .
the number of children being referred to children in england and wales has risen by more than 50 % in a year , figures show .
police in australia say they have arrested a man in connection with an alleged terror attack in sydney .
cyclists in mansfield are being urged to take part in a `` special event '' to promote cycling in the town .
japan 's emperor akihito has announced that he will step down in the japanese capital , tokyo .
thailand 's human rights group says it has halted a human rights event at a ceremony in bangkok .
school pupils in england are being banned from boarding school uniforms after being banned from boarding school uniforms .
former england and sunderland footballer adam johnson has pleaded not guilty to sex offences .
it 's been a year since the american football association -lrb- nfl -rrb- was the most expensive in the history of the nfl .
ospreys head coach steve tandy says it would be `` impossible '' to be fit for saturday 's pro12 game against scarlets .
fabrice muamba 's doctor who died after being struck by a cardiac arrest in the fa cup was a `` disaster '' , according to a doctor who died in hospital .
the chairman of india 's tata steel board , cyrus mistry , has resigned .
the father of a 12-year-old boy who went missing in ohio has been arrested in ohio , authorities say .
a man has been killed and three others injured in a car crash in jerusalem , israeli officials say .
campaigners in the north yorkshire village of they have submitted a plan to frack for shale gas in north yorkshire .
cloud computing is one of the world 's most powerful types of cloud computing .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cambridge are celebrating the 50th anniversary of the birth of the duchess of cambridge .
newport gwent dragons head coach warren gatland has been named in the welsh province 's squad for the 2017 six nations .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us markets closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average higher .
a campaign has been launched to increase the number of people living in a park in the south west of england .
in the past few days , thousands of people in the southern indian city of sao paulo have gone to the streets for the first time .
rock band madness have been celebrating the 30th anniversary of the band 's 30th anniversary day .
french president francois hollande has launched a special initiative to mark the 50th anniversary of the charlie hebdo attacks in paris .
a county antrim man has appeared in court charged with raping a woman in east belfast .
the number of babies born with drugs in england and wales has risen to its lowest level since records began .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was stabbed to death in north london .
leicester tigers ' game against leicester tigers at welford road on saturday , with leicester tigers at the top of the premiership for the first time .
a national trust is seeking permission to block fracking for shale gas , the national trust has said .
south africa 's first black president , jacob zuma , has been accused of corruption over the state of south africa .
ofsted chief sir michael wilshaw says ofsted is `` not concerned '' about the way schools are governed in england and wales .
a number of prisoners have been removed from a prison in liverpool , the ministry of justice has said .
snap x factor winner jeremy vine has released a video clip of his new album , kim snapchat .
plans for a multi-million pound development in oxford have been approved by the city council .
northern ireland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is `` deeply concerned '' by the names of people who have been shot dead in west belfast .
torquay moved into the national league relegation zone with a 2-0 win at home to north ferriby .
moors murderer ian brady has won the right to challenge a tribunal at the tribunal of appeal in the case of ian brady .
students in the us state of texas are searching for a man who has been taking a look at the university of texas .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the challenges facing africa 's presidential election .
cambridge moved into the league two play-off places with a win over cambridge at cambridge .
a row has broken out between labour and conservative mps over its response to the general election campaign .
west ham have signed west ham midfielder 25-year-old nordtveit on a season-long loan deal .
the rnli 's lifeboat service is being investigated after complaints of bullying and intimidation at the rnli 's lifeboat station .
sports direct , the owner of sports direct retailer sports direct , has reported a sharp fall in profits .
the us justice department has ruled that the us federal intelligence administration -lrb- latter -rrb- has been accused of being `` grossly '' and `` strongly '' .
a denbighshire hospital has been rated `` inadequate '' by the health and safety executive -lrb- hse -rrb- .
a row has broken out in the brazilian city of sao paulo , who has been accused of racism and racism .
a few days ago , us president barack obama announced that he will vote for the next president of the united states .
researchers in the us state of oregon have released a dark matter of dark matter .
the former mayor of bristol , luke beckford , has died at the age of 74 .
there has been a sharp rise in the number of patients dying from the royal victoria hospital in belfast .
the royal british legion has launched a campaign to raise awareness of war war veterans .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was seriously injured in a crash .
a search is under way for a man missing from the river tay in orkney .
american justin gatlin set a new world record for the fastest time at the world championships in los angeles .
french chancellor george browne has called for the uk to remain in the european union after the paris attacks .
the company behind plans to build bhs , the company behind bhs , has been given the go-ahead by the government .
aberdeen midfielder jonny hayes will miss the rest of the season after being ruled out for the rest of the season .
a man has been found guilty of raping a 15-year-old girl in a prison in portsmouth .
francesco totti has signed a three-year contract extension with roma , keeping him at the club until 2021 .
a man has appeared in court charged with child sex offences .
birmingham city manager gary rowett has signed a new three-year contract with the league one club .
a former police officer has gone on trial accused of raping and indecently assaulting a teenage girl .
a statue of one of the world 's most famous street statues has been installed in belfast city centre .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the news of the terror attacks in tunisia .
venezuela 's supreme court has ruled that the government 's new assembly has been defeated by the supreme court .
new zealand all-rounder samit patel has signed a new three-year contract with the county .
transport secretary ken skates has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the future of rail services in wales .
hartlepool united have parted company with manager dave hartlepool after three years in charge .
scotland coach richie gray says his side 's six nations win over italy in dublin on saturday was a `` huge achievement '' for the six nations .
swansea city manager andrew davies says the club are interested in signing striker patrick roberts from celtic for an undisclosed fee .
kevin pietersen has been named as the new captain of the england and wales cricket board .
the bank of england has lowered its forecast for economic growth in the first half of this year .
the mood in nairobi 's capital nairobi , the capital of nairobi 's capital nairobi , is one of the world 's biggest security firms .
moeen ali and joe root hit centuries as pakistan dominated the first test against pakistan in sharjah .
a van driver has been jailed for three years for causing the death of a young driver in west lothian .
claire sugden is one of northern ireland 's most prominent politicians .
the uk is to launch a # 100m programme to promote cultural education in the uk , the government has announced .
israel 's prime minister , benjamin netanyahu , has called for an end to jerusalem 's holiest site in jerusalem .
plans for a new retail centre in cornwall have been approved by the city council .
boris johnson has said he is `` very confident '' of the eu referendum campaign would be `` foolish '' for the uk to leave the eu .
uber has agreed to pay more than $ 200m -lrb- â # proceedings -rrb- in damages to the us ride-sharing app .
fulham midfielder whom anderlecht has signed a new two-year contract with the championship club .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of people who died in sri lanka .
league two side leyton orient have agreed a deal to sign midfielder mccourt mccourt on a deal until the end of the season .
the owner of one of britain 's biggest shipping firms has said he wants to build a new london shipyard .
brighton maintained their 100 % start to the championship season with a comfortable win over brighton .
a londonderry woman has admitted stealing more than # 100,000 from a bank in londonderry .
barcelona forward luis suarez has signed a new five-year contract with the champions league champions .
if the conservatives win the election for the first time , the bbc 's nick clegg looks at the idea that the government 's plans to cut the number of people in the uk are `` tens '' .
dozens of people have been killed in clashes between syrian government forces and pro-government forces in northern syria , activists say .
manchester city striker gabriel jesus has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury .
former prime minister tony blair has said he is `` deeply sorry '' to have apologised for the iraq war .
in the wake of the general election result , sinn féin and sinn féin have been reacting to the result of the general election .
birds of prey could soon be reintroduced to birds , according to a new study .
chelsea boss antonio conte says he is `` desperate '' to leave the premier league this season , as he prepares for his first premier league win of the season .
a new bishop of derry has called for the church of ireland to be excluded from the church of ireland .
cameroon midfielder 31-year-old assou-ekotto has signed a new three-year contract with the premier league club .
a virtual reality technology developed by the bbc 's iplayer has been developed by the bbc .
lancashire have appointed former lancashire head coach peter chapple as their new head coach .
conservationists are calling for a national project to protect forests in wales .
the mother of a 14-year-old boy who died in the hillsborough disaster has thanked fans of the hillsborough tragedy .
music streaming service spotify has reported a rise in revenues and sales for the first time in more than a decade .
rangers have appointed former rangers boss derek mcinnes as their new head coach .
a motorcyclist who died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire has been named .
the prime minister has called on the uk government to change the use of internet surveillance in the uk .
the mother of murdered toddler james bulger has said she is `` devastated '' after being released from prison .
pupils at a catholic school in jersey have been told to stop taking part in a `` drug '' event .
nahki wells scored his first goal for huddersfield as they came from behind to beat huddersfield town .
staff at the university of wrexham are being balloted for strike action in a dispute over pay .
a new campaign is being launched in the uk for the first time in its history .
the family of a fife woman found dead at her home in fife have paid tribute to her `` beautiful , caring daughter '' .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in the head in west belfast .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south yorkshire .
a rare osprey chick has hatched at a nature reserve in the highlands .
ayoze perez scored a hat-trick as newcastle came from behind to beat championship leaders newcastle united .
the family of a man who died after being found dead in his home have paid tribute to his `` beautiful husband and wife '' .
wales scrum-half rhys webb has been named in the wales squad for the world cup .
ukip leadership hopeful steven woolfe has pulled out of the race to be the party 's new leader .
downton abbey is to return to the west end next year , itv has announced .
warrington moved up to third in super league with a hard-fought win over widnes vikings .
japan 's prime minister shinzo abe has met south korean president shinzo abe in a row over the disputed islands of the disputed islands .
the un 's new report on climate change shows that climate change is a key part of the ocean .
a non-league footballer who was knocked out of his legs after being hit by a car has donated more than # 50,000 for charity .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a man in west lothian .
league two side leyton orient have signed former eastleigh striker bondz n'gala on a two-year deal .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in newtownards , county down .
a report into the impact of northern ireland 's tourism industry has been criticised by a report .
a 92-year-old woman from south africa who was forced to stay in the uk by deportation has been ordered to stay in the uk .
morocco coach herve renard has been named as the new coach of the africa cup of nations .
china 's economy shrank by 0.2 % in the third quarter of the year , according to the latest official figures .
stourbridge manager grant hackett says his side 's fa cup win over non-league stourbridge was a `` great occasion '' .
british and irish lions coach warren gatland says warren gatland 's future as coach of the british and irish lions will be a `` new generation '' .
great britain 's women 's team will compete at this summer 's rio olympics .
world number one angelique kerber has been knocked out of the australian open in the first round of the rogers cup in toronto .
a rare stone thought to be the world 's smallest has been discovered in the peak district .
a county antrim man has been jailed for two years for possessing weapons and ammunition .
the number of women born in the uk is at risk , according to a report by the royal college of obstetricians .
people in sheffield are being urged to stay away from hospital because of a lack of support for children .
britain 's andrew davies won gold in the t34 200m at the world para-athletics championships in london .
premier league side arsenal have agreed a new deal with the premier league club .
labour leadership candidate jeremy corbyn has urged labour members to `` stop '' the party 's leadership contest .
tom hiddleston has been praised by critics for his performance in the golden globe awards .
police in the republic of ireland have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man in the republic of ireland .
the remains of a village in the north west of england are to be removed from the sea , it has been announced .
plans to cut the number of jobs in wales have been shelved by the welsh government .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a 14-year-old girl in devon .
burnley captain steve bruce has been ruled out of the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a former northern ireland minister has said he is `` extremely concerned '' about the dangers of cannabis in northern ireland .
myanmar 's rohingya muslim minority have been displaced by sectarian violence in the north-east of the country , officials say .
great britain 's men missed out on a place in the semi-finals of the women 's world championships at the sse arena in belfast .
plans for a new forest ground in gloucester have been approved by the county council .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in burundi 's capital , bujumbura , the country 's electoral commission says .
the us economy added 113,000 jobs in may , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
wigan warriors ' league game against wigan has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
world number one mark selby has been knocked out of the world rankings by the world snooker championship .
the police watchdog is to investigate the case of a police inquiry into allegations of historical child abuse in south yorkshire .
the nigerian military says it has abducted more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by islamist militants in the north-eastern city of maiduguri .
republican presidential candidate hillary clinton has accused hillary clinton of sexual assault against hillary clinton in the us presidential election .
northern ireland 's henrik stenson carded a final-round 67 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the us open .
a man who stole more than # 100,000 from a bogus practice in lincoln has been jailed for five years .
former labour leader jeremy corbyn has defended the government 's plan to scrap social housing in england .
jon rahm has become the first player to win the ryder cup for the first time .
the football association has voted to introduce a ban on the use of football in football .
it 's been a year since the government announced that the government will introduce a new tax tax for the first time .
southampton manager jurgen klopp says he is `` very concerned '' about his side 's return to the premier league .
glasgow city moved up to third in the scottish women 's premier league with a 2-0 win over dundee united .
wales full-back leigh halfpenny has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
barrow have parted company with manager brian cox after three months in charge .
tickets have been cancelled at a concert in glasgow after the band cancelled a concert in glasgow .
mamelodi sundowns of south africa 's mamelodi sundowns have been forced to pull out of the african champions league for the first time this season .
chinese police say they have found a drug that led to the death of two young people in china .
the scottish government has announced plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in scotland .
partick thistle manager alan archibald says he will not be able to sign partick thistle striker partick thistle .
a us navy officer has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving on the island of okinawa .
everton were knocked out of the europa league as everton came from behind to beat everton in the europa league .
hsbc has appointed former hsbc chief executive martin tucker as its new chief executive .
safety concerns have been raised over safety concerns at the site of a nuclear submarine in the uk 's nuclear safety centre .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
a man who was caught with a drugs worth more than # 300,000 has been jailed for five years .
it 's been a busy year in the world of entertainment .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in glasgow .
police are investigating allegations of hate crime in northern ireland .
students at a school in the us state of oregon have been left `` fuming '' after a number of new schools were shut down .
keaton jennings hit a century as somerset beat somerset by eight wickets in the one-day cup at taunton .
a council has approved plans to build a new # projects leisure centre in north somerset .
more than half of parents have signed a petition calling for a ban on holiday holiday holidays in england and wales .
a suicide bomber has killed at least 27 people in the iraqi capital baghdad , officials say .
domino , the uk 's largest online retailer , has reported a sharp rise in sales for the first half of the year .
a convicted murderer who was convicted of murdering a woman in the bath has been jailed for life .
australia has paid asylum seekers from australia to the south pacific island of nauru , the australian government says .
aberdeen city council has announced plans to cut up to # savings in budget cuts .
bristol city have signed sweden international goalkeeper adam johnson on a season-long loan deal .
luton town have signed striker cameron mcgeehan from fellow league one side luton town for an undisclosed fee .
plans to introduce a plan in liverpool have been approved by the city council .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest for the copper box .
the prime minister has called for the uk to leave the eu , saying it is `` shameful '' for the uk to leave the eu .
strictly come dancing star jessie blue has revealed he has been diagnosed with depression .
us president barack obama has urged the united nations to end the `` humanitarian crisis '' in syria .
in the wake of the death of a man in the french city of lubitz , the bbc 's lubitz lubitz looks at the reasons .
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has met us president-elect donald trump in a meeting with japan 's prime minister shinzo abe .
sri lanka 's erasmus erasmus has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a head injury .
scientists have developed a new test for the family of a boy who died in the uk .
the number of staff at a kent care home has increased by more than a third in the past three years , according to a report .
a court in denmark has sentenced a man to 18 years in jail for publishing the publication of the popular bbc news website .
growth in the uk 's manufacturing sector grew at its fastest pace in more than two years in may , according to the latest markit purchasing managers ' index .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car .
workers at tata steel plants in south wales have voted to strike in a dispute over pensions .
a man has died after falling from a yacht in the isle of man .
the uk 's first genetically genetically modified womb has been approved by scientists in china .
the us justice department is suing us president donald trump 's lawsuit against president donald trump .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has signed a new five-year contract with the premier league champions .
a new project has been launched to build a virtual reality film in the us .
an inquest into the deaths of two men killed in a car crash in afghanistan has been sent to the ministry of defence .
one of the uk 's most successful follow , 59-year-old 59-year-old , has died at the age of 74 .
glasgow-based food giant aggreko has agreed to buy a deal stake in north america .
the belfast giants have announced the signing of a new contract with the belfast giants .
dundee boss paul hartley says his side are `` desperate '' to avoid relegation from the scottish premiership .
the family of a british woman who died in australia after being deported from australia have said they are `` devastated '' by her family 's deportation .
a senior chicago police officer has been arrested in connection with the shooting of a black man in chicago .
gary neville 's first game in charge of valencia ended in a 1-1 draw against valencia in the first leg of their copa del rey .
a teenager has died after her car was involved in a collision with a car in cumbria .
state media and state media have reacted angrily to china 's decision to dismiss an international tribunal in the south china sea , state media report .
one of the world 's most famous marvel , lee lee , is to be screened for the first time in its history .
brexit secretary david davis has said that brexit talks between the eu and the republic of ireland is `` a `` disaster '' '' .
a man has been charged with murder after a teenager was shot dead in a car crash in east london .
the partner of a woman who was banned from the passport office says she has been left `` fuming '' after being issued by the passport office .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has announced the creation of a new task force for the scottish government .
boris johnson , the former mayor of the united nations , has told the bbc he is `` very disappointed '' about the uk 's relationship with the eu .
former irish language actor worked lally has died at the age of 85 .
the indian government has agreed to pay $ 1.3 bn -lrb- # relates bn -rrb- to the indian government for a $ . bn -lrb- â # relates bn -rrb- deal .
bournemouth manager paul friend has been discharged from hospital after suffering serious head injuries in a fall at the bournemouth stadium .
at least 17 people have been found dead in a car park in kenya 's capital , nairobi , officials say .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has announced a major overhaul of the country 's anti-corruption system .
each day we feature a photograph sent in from across england - the gallery will grow during the week .
donald trump 's new president , donald trump , has been sworn in as president of the united states .
leigh centurions have appointed st helens head coach keiron cunningham as their new head coach .
two men have died in a crash involving a van and a van in ayrshire .
bath moved up to third in the premiership table with a bonus-point win over bath at the rec .
bradford bulls have parted company with the bradford bulls .
brazil 's 1966 world cup winner has been sold at auction for # medal -lrb- $ footballer -rrb- .
thousands of ceramic poppies have been installed in yorkshire for the first time in more than 100 years .
a planning application for a new home for a flower home in bolton has been approved by councillors .
at least six people have been killed in clashes between islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the restive xinjiang region of xinjiang , state media report .
spain 's sergio garcia shot a five-under-par 66 to take a two-shot lead into the final round of the us open .
guy martin has said he will not compete in racing at this year 's ulster grand prix .
former foreign secretary philip hammond has said she is `` very sad '' about the government 's election manifesto .
the united nations has been accused of racism and racism as `` shameful '' and `` racist '' , according to a report by amnesty international .
south africa 's national union has announced plans for a new national union in south africa .
one of the world 's most famous characters , disney , is hoping to be the world 's most expensive person .
south africa batsman alastair cook has been ruled out of the third test against south africa in south africa .
leeds rhinos have signed leeds rhinos hooker josh hood for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
britain 's andy murray has become the first british woman to win a olympic medal at the rio olympics .
two people have been killed and two others injured in a fire at a house in istanbul , turkish police say .
dundee united have signed dundee united forward daniel keatings for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
aston villa striker andre ayew has been charged with misconduct by the football association .
scarlets moved to the top of the pro12 table with a bonus-point win over cardiff blues at the principality stadium .
two turkish military pilots have been killed in a us-led air strike in northern syria , the turkish military says .
shares in china 's biggest e-commerce company , china , have fallen after the firm reported a $ flocked -lrb- â # nasdaq -rrb- deal .
salford red devils have confirmed they will leave super league side salford red devils on a two-year deal .
the grand national at aintree is one of the most famous races in the grand national at aintree .
south yorkshire police has apologised to the chief constable of south yorkshire police over the handling of the hillsborough disaster .
the us military says it has decided not to prosecute us military whistleblower pte manning manning , the us military says .
a bus driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a bus at a bus station in londonderry .
at least 13 people have been killed in a bus crash in saudi arabia , officials say .
walt disney is to return to the us for the first time in more than two years , the company has announced .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced that it will launch its first robot on the surface of mars .
british number one johanna konta reached the second round of the monterrey open with a straight-set win over kazakhstan 's konta konta .
two men have been rescued from a cargo ship off the coast of bristol .
andy murray says he is not worried about his future as great britain 's davis cup captain .
great britain 's men will face argentina in the semi-finals of the men 's doubles at wimbledon .
a committee of mps has called for an inquiry into the sale of nama 's northern ireland loan portfolio .
it 's been a busy year for the singer and singer .
the number of abandoned dogs in wales has risen to its lowest level in three years , according to new figures .
house prices in the uk rose by 0.4 % in march , according to official figures .
schools in england are facing a `` catastrophic crisis '' over the next five years , the liberal democrats have warned .
boris johnson has launched a campaign to become the uk 's next president of the european union .
edinburgh defender jamie gaby has signed a new contract with the league one club .
aberdeen moved up to third in the scottish premiership with victory over rangers at pittodrie .
a classes gym has become the first in the world to introduce a 34-year-old class in the sport .
a former council minister has been jailed for five years for defrauding the money of vulnerable people in wales .
the son of formula 1 boss jules bianchi has said he is `` devastated '' by the recovery of jules bianchi .
one of the world 's most famous hardy , hardy , has died at the age of 89 .
labour leadership challenger owen smith has said he will not stand in the labour leadership contest .
a man has been arrested in connection with the murder of alec warburton in the republic of ireland .
a poppy seller has paid tribute to a poppy seller who was killed in the bristol war .
dozens of people have been injured in a fire at a cargo ship in spain 's canary islands , officials say .
a teenage girl is in a critical condition in hospital after a car crash in perthshire .
tranmere extended their lead at the top of the national league to five points with a comfortable victory over tranmere .
a man accused of trying to shoot us president donald trump has been given a six-month suspended prison sentence .
the commons speaker , speaker of the house of lords , has been debating the debate over whether mps will be able to vote in the house of commons .
a judge in chicago has ruled that a convicted murderer who was convicted of killing a young woman is to be freed from prison .
republican presidential candidate lindsey graham has called for the republican presidential nomination to be `` rapists '' .
great britain have been named in the great britain squad for the rio olympics .
glamorgan batsman sam billings hit a career-best century to help his side take control of their county championship match against kent .
a woman accused of sexually abusing a 15-year-old girl has been cleared of sexual activity .
scotland 's finance secretary john swinney has said he is `` extremely optimistic '' about the uk government 's spending budget .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has said he wants to make the us `` tough '' in the fight against so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
welsh boxer joe cordina says he will not be allowed to compete at the 2016 olympics in rio .
the mother of a toddler who died after being hit by a toddler has told a court she had `` no idea '' the child 's death .
one of the uk 's biggest commercial ships has been given the go-ahead by the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- .
internet services should be able to access internet access to the internet , the government has said .
women in the uk are more likely to die than men , according to a new study .
one of the world 's largest trees trees has been found in the sea off the coast of kent .
a man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in belfast city centre .
the domestic violence of domestic violence in england and wales is to be rolled out in a bid to tackle domestic violence , the bbc has learned .
the number of teacher numbers in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to official figures .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the outcome of elections in north korea .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was hit by a bus in liverpool .
brazil 's president michel temer has been sworn in as the new president of the united states .
a # 200m scheme to improve congestion on the m1 has been launched by the government .
the first episode of the hobbit , the film weapon , is to return to the public for the first time .
the trial of six people accused of killing 11 people at a coal mine in turkey has been adjourned , the bbc has learned .
a # 500,000 loan to a football club 's loan to a football club is being investigated by councillors .
truro city boss lee hodges says his side will not be able to avoid relegation from the county championship .
a court in india has sentenced a woman to life in prison for the murder and murder of a woman in the indian state of gujarat .
tributes have been paid to the `` beautiful '' zoe tynan , who died after being hit by a train .
ukip leader nigel farage has said ukip needs to cut net migration to the uk as a result of immigration .
one of the uk 's most famous kirk , kirk whitby , has sold at auction for # nottingham .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a national memorial to be built at the national memorial arboretum in dorset .
police in australia have arrested a man in connection with the death of a man in the australian city of melbourne .
somalia 's president hassan response has signed a $ response -lrb- â # response -rrb- militant group in somalia 's capital , mogadishu .
burton albion boss nigel clough says he is looking forward to a `` new chapter '' with the championship club .
hundreds of welsh prisoners are being given the chance to take part in an exhibition to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
a # 1bn fund to boost the legacy of north yorkshire has been given the green light by the government .
the conservatives have been talking about the outcome of the welsh assembly election .
all photographs by chris sports .
graeme mcdowell is looking forward to this year 's ryder cup at the ryder cup as he continues his quest to win the ryder cup .
scientists at the university of sheffield have found a new way to tackle the spread of a deadly fungus .
two air ambulance charities have been awarded # life-saving m by the chancellor for the first time .
a prominent iranian human rights worker has been arrested in iran , the bbc has learned .
northern ireland 's first language language , the irish language , is one of the most important public meetings in northern ireland .
liverpool moved up to third in the premier league with a hard-fought victory over liverpool at anfield .
a court in minnesota has ordered the release of the death of singer prince , minnesota , in the us state of minnesota .
pakistan says it has arrested pakistan 's former prime minister , nawaz sharif , for spying and sentenced him for spying .
apple has reported a sharp fall in sales for the first quarter of the year .
two men have been rescued from the river clyde in the firth of forth .
more than # 2m is to be spent to help flood-hit flood defences in wales , the welsh government has said .
chester came from behind to beat dagenham & redbridge and reach the national league play-off places .
ratings agency moody 's 's ratings agency moody 's credit rating has been downgraded by ratings agencies .
mark allen , mark results , has been named in the inaugural northern ireland player of the year .
the rate of savings in the uk is continuing to fall , according to the latest figures from the bank of england .
edinburgh head coach justin fife has signed a new two-year contract with the pro12 club .
one of the world 's biggest car dealerships has been placed in special measures by the local authority .
bank of england chief economist andy haldane has urged the bank of england to raise interest rates this year .
the proportion of northern ireland pupils in northern ireland has more than doubled in the past five years , according to a study .
a man has been jailed for two years after being found guilty of attempted murder and robbery in edinburgh .
radical preacher anjem choudary has been found guilty of attempting to carry out a terror attack in london .
the welsh government has said it is `` appalled '' by the decision to review the controversial tidal lagoon in swansea bay .
two people have been killed in a gas explosion in new york city , officials say .
the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in england and wales is to be investigated by the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the issues in the streets of hong kong .
france 's interior minister says she has been accused of carrying out the attack on french police in the french city of nice .
gillingham boss phil taylor says he is `` disappointed '' by the club 's supporters after their relegation from league one .
a service of remembrance has been held in new zealand to mark the 70th anniversary of the gallipoli landings .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola praised his side 's `` incredible '' performance in their 2-0 champions league defeat at bayern munich .
a recycling centre in surrey has been put up for sale .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said it is `` deeply disappointed '' that israel 's new prime minister , benjamin netanyahu , will step down .
an agreement has been reached between the government and the scottish government after a dispute between the government and the rmt union .
a court in northern ireland has rejected a request by the irish government to release a man who was arrested in connection with the murder of a dissident republican in belfast .
the government is to hold talks with the government to resolve the dispute between the government and the government .
a bill which would reduce the number of alcohol alcohol in england and wales has been passed by the government .
hundreds of jobs are at risk at tata steel 's port talbot steel plant , the union has said .
police investigating the murder of a man in northampton have found a body .
carlisle united manager brian cox says striker alastair cook will sign a new contract at the league two club .
cornish pirates have signed south african lock david may on a two-year deal , subject to international clearance .
mps have voted in favour of allowing same-sex marriage in the house of commons .
india 's state state has said it will ban a ban on maggi noodles in the country .
a number of police officers have been arrested in belfast over the past five years , the bbc has learned .
scientists say they have found a `` compound '' discovery of blood samples linked to the us .
the bells of a church in caerphilly county have been evacuated after a fire broke out at a church in cardiff .
liverpool have agreed a deal to sign midfielder alberto moreno from liverpool for an undisclosed fee .
mae heddlu dyfed powys wedi cael ei cafodd ar ôl i cafodd o cafodd wedi cael ei cafodd ar ôl i ' r sianel .
northern ireland 's education minister has called for the northern ireland state council to reconsider a plan to cut the number of children in northern ireland .
a 15-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a dog was attacked in kent .
marcus trescothick hit a century as somerset beat somerset by 133 runs in the one-day cup at taunton .
ghana 's government has agreed to pay $ minister -lrb- # ghana -rrb- to the government over the financial crisis in ghana 's capital , accra .
the family of a british soldier who died in world war one have travelled to the uk for the first time .
scotland director of rugby andrew strauss has urged his players to `` stick together '' as they prepare to face ireland in the six nations .
us astronaut tim kelly has returned to the international space station for the first time in more than two years .
watford have signed midfielder lewis verheydt on loan from premier league side watford until the end of the season .
a british scientist has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' after being found clinging to the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- .
rangers extended their lead at the top of the scottish premiership with a comfortable victory over st johnstone .
somali security minister abas abas has died in a car crash in somalia , the interior ministry says .
an inquest into the death of a teenager who died in a car crash in australia has been told he will not face charges .
the former head of the us-led coalition in afghanistan , tony blair , has said he is `` confident '' the iraq war will be `` more important than ever '' .
a report by a russian newspaper has called on the russian government to apologise for a ban on gay people in the republic of chechnya .
the us museum of new york has filed a legal challenge to the public for the first time in its history .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a robbery at a shop in the borders .
former world number one caroline wozniacki has announced his retirement from international cricket .
pop star taylor swift has returned to the uk album chart for a second time .
the line-up for this year 's strictly come dancing champion has been announced .
sudan 's president omar al-bashir has been sworn in as the new president of sudan .
manchester city midfielder samir nasri has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
blackburn rovers have been fined # 20,000 by the football association for failing to control their players .
two australian swimmers have been banned from the rio olympics after being found guilty of doping .
brandt snedeker carded a six-under-par 65 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the us pga championship .
the government has been given the go-ahead for the first time since the financial crisis in 2008 .
plans for a new housing development in south south south england have been approved by councillors .
the leader of south africa 's main opposition party , helen zille , has announced she will step down at the end of the season .
rail services in glasgow have been given the go-ahead by the scottish government .
kurdish forces have regained control of the town of kobane , near the turkish border , turkish officials say .
the mother of a woman who has been diagnosed with cancer is calling for a health board to help fund the nhs in wales .
leicester city forward jamie vardy has been named the world 's best player of the year .
a man who went to the aid of a supermarket in cambridgeshire has been reunited with his owner .
queen of the south have been named as the new manager of the professional footballers ' association .
a hospital trust has been placed in special measures after being rated inadequate by the health watchdog .
all images are copyrighted .
an mp has called for a ban on sugary drinks in the uk as part of a crackdown on sugary drinks .
a man is being sought by police after he was caught with a mobile phone with a mobile phone .
former israeli president shimon peres has died at the age of 93 .
the olympic games in rio de janeiro has been forced to pull out of the olympics because of a lack of support .
west brom striker saido berahino will miss the rest of the season after being found guilty of drink-driving .
scottish boxer mike towell has died at the age of 55 after suffering a heart attack in glasgow .
the leader of the welsh conservatives has called for the uk to leave the european union .
a couple who claim they were mis-sold disability benefit payments have been told they can receive compensation from the high court .
the welsh government has been accused of failing to improve the number of cyclists in wales .
the cassini probe has returned to the moon for the first time in its history .
former world number one caroline wozniacki has signed a new two-year contract with the women 's super league one club .
inverness caledonian thistle came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle and move top of the scottish premiership .
belfast is one of the world 's most powerful tourist attractions .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has been appointed australian prime minister , australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has announced .
a french man has been sentenced to two years in prison for his role in the paris terror attacks .
a woman who was shot in the face by a gunman in the democratic republic of congo has said she will not be freed .
it 's been a year for the first time this year .
more than half of welsh households in wales are being urged to pay their water bills for their water bills .
liberal democrat leader nick clegg has defended plans to scrap free bus benefits for young people in england .
pop star madonna has become the first person to live on radio 1 's new bbc radio 1 .
three men have been arrested in italy on suspicion of terrorism offences , the metropolitan police said .
ten branches of lloyds bank branches are to close as part of a shake-up of branches .
hundreds of people have taken part in an annual cheeses festival in dorset .
work to build a new road on the isle of wight has been approved by councillors .
a new video game has been launched in the us for the first time .
the united states is one of the most important countries in the history of the united states .
dover 's league two play-off hopes were dealt a blow after they were held to a goalless league two draw with macclesfield .
one of donald trump 's closest advisers , scaramucci scaramucci , has been fired as president of the white house .
england made it two wins from two in the euro 2016 finals with a comfortable victory over france at wembley .
the parents of a teenage girl who was killed in a car crash have said they are `` devastated '' by the response .
two men have been arrested in dover on suspicion of terrorism offences .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences following the london bridge attack .
cardiff city manager neil warnock says he wants to sign a new contract with the championship club .
patients at a hospital in west sussex have been told to take extra care after a shortage of beds .
one of china 's biggest clothing retailers , hong , has been sold for $ mother -lrb- â # rising -rrb- in a deal worth $ mother -lrb- â # stores -rrb- .
stoke city moved up to third in the premier league with victory over stoke city at stoke .
scientists have discovered the `` reindeer '' of the power lines of the arctic ocean .
the company behind the # 1bn hinkley point nuclear power plant has announced plans for a new nuclear power plant in the uk .
northern ireland 's attorney general has said it is `` outrageous '' that the attorney general is considering legal action against northern ireland 's attorney general .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- is calling for urgent action to tackle the spread of tuberculosis .
two men have been charged in connection with a sexual assault at a school in derbyshire .
the scottish parliament has approved a bill to allow terminally ill people to die .
plans for a # 100m shopping complex in northamptonshire have been approved by councillors .
a body has been found in the search for a man who went missing on a beach in the northern city of mexico .
blackpool pier has been sold to the public after being bought by blackpool pier .
the number of candidates standing in the northern ireland assembly election in northern ireland has been announced .
a french soldier has been killed in a car crash in mali , the french defence minister says .
the families of northern ireland 's victims of the omagh bomb attack have been awarded damages from the irish government .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was raped in glasgow .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving following a fatal crash in manchester .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has ordered the release of a controversial portrait of president jacob zuma .
a world war two spitfire has been given grade ii listed status for the first time .
david cameron 's father has paid tribute to his father , david cameron , who has died at the age of 89 .
hospitals in kenya 's capital , nairobi , are staging a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
prof stephen hawking and stephen hawking , the professor of stephen hawking , stephen hawking and stephen hawking , stephen hawking , stephen hawking , stephen hawking , stephen hawking , stephen hawking and stephen hawking .
irish actress collins collins has said she was `` shocked '' after being arrested in the republic of ireland 's parliament .
a driver has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in swansea .
police have issued a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a suspected hit-and-run in sussex .
nick kyrgios says he has no regrets about becoming nick kyrgios as he prepares to defend his wimbledon title .
a man who raped and raped a young student in cardiff has been jailed for six years .
uganda 's president yoweri museveni has called for a new law to legalise gay marriage .
plans to introduce a test test for pupils in england and wales have been unveiled by the prime minister .
a new fruit fruit fruit has been created in sheffield for the first time in more than 70 years .
glamorgan secured their first win of the season with a 51 win over glamorgan in the one-day cup .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the number of people living in the uk .
a police force has apologised after a woman was stabbed to death at a beach in cornwall .
great britain 's adam gemili missed out on a place in the final of the olympic men 's 4x100m relay at the european championships .
the hs2 high-speed rail link between london and birmingham is to be demolished , the transport minister has said .
a painting by the nazis artist cornelius gurlitt has been found in the german city of stuttgart .
one of scotland 's largest technology firms has announced plans to create more than 1,000 jobs in the uk .
the office of the office for budget responsibility -lrb- obr -rrb- has warned that the uk government may have to spend more money in the next financial year .
the daughter of harry potter , who was born with a rare brain tumour , has said he is `` delighted '' with the support of his father .
salford red devils have signed wolves winger jordan 23-year-old on a season-long loan deal .
china 's consumer prices fell at a record high of 0 % in the first three months of the year , according to official data .
hull city have signed midfielder javier hernandez from hull city for an undisclosed fee .
chris rock , the actor and comedian chris rock , has died at the age of 69 .
at least 19 people have been killed in severe flooding in south africa , officials say .
cladding on two high-rise tower blocks in sheffield has been told it can not stop safety tests .
the number of viewers in the uk has risen by more than a third in the past year , according to a new report .
harry potter star daniel radcliffe has announced he is joining the cast of shakespeare 's hamlet .
rangers manager mark warburton praised his side 's `` incredible '' performance in their 3-1 win over rangers .
thousands of moore cars are being exploited by security firm moore , according to data from the us national security agency .
new signals are being used to monitor cold lights in the uk , according to a new study .
donald trump 's visit to the us , donald trump , is one of the world 's most prominent companies .
the uk 's first flying flight from london to gatwick has been suspended after a drone was diverted to the uk .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has launched an investigation into the banks of the country 's banks , including the country 's biggest banks .
welsh conservative leader andrew rt davies has accused the presiding officer of `` conduct '' over comments he made about brexit .
portsmouth have signed chesterfield midfielder fred talbot on a one-month loan deal .
emergency services at a north london hospital have been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors .
britain 's chris froome won stage four of the criterium du dauphine in a sprint finish on the final stage of the criterium du dauphine .
team sky boss sir dave brailsford says he is `` disappointed '' by team sky boss sir bradley wiggins ' criticism of sir bradley wiggins .
dustin johnson won his first pga tour title by beating american dustin johnson in the first round of the us open .
a major offshore wind farm has been officially opened in the scottish borders .
the chancellor , philip hammond , has announced a plan to increase the vat rate of goods in the uk .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been inducted into the sport 's hall of fame .
two police officers involved in the shoreham air crash have been sacked by police .
a former liverpool police officer has been found guilty of fraud and perverting the course of justice .
a world war two veteran has been found in the field of a world war one medal in france .
daryl mitchell has been appointed as worcestershire 's new captain .
alexandre lacazette scored a hat-trick as lyon beat lyon in the first leg of their europa league second qualifying round tie against lyon .
pop star adele has topped the uk singles chart for the first time .
plans to build a new pier on the seafront coast have been given the go-ahead .
a french man has been buried in a grave in the french capital , paris , killing at least 20 people , officials say .
hundreds of people have gathered in the french capital , buenos aires , to mark the 70th anniversary of the auschwitz death camp .
scotland 's top law officer , lord advocate , has resigned .
councillors have been asked to take over the running of a new aberdeen council contract , bbc scotland understands .
the number of criminal cases in scotland and wales is at its highest level since records began , according to a new report .
two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a `` savage '' attack .
the owner of a flooded wall in fife has said he was `` shocked '' by the failure of flooding caused by flooding in fife .
a light light light light light of the queen 's baton is to be installed at buckingham palace .
nottinghamshire batsman christian christian has signed a new three-year deal with the county champions .
the chief executive of lancashire city council has resigned .
for the first time in more than a decade , the bbc 's lead lead reflects on the future of piracy in the uk .
league two side stevenage have signed portsmouth defender adam webster on loan until the end of the season .
the british medical association -lrb- gps -rrb- has announced plans to increase the number of medical doctors in england .
the bodies of 43 people have been found in a burial grave in the northern mexican state of veracruz .
durham made it two wins from two in the one-day cup with a four-wicket win over durham at chester-le-street .
former queen of queen john nalbandian has been banned from the sport for a second time after being disqualified from the sport for a second time .
la la land film la la land has won the top prize at the venice film festival .
former british prime minister david cameron has died at the age of 89 .
rock band soul singer carpenter carpenter has sued a claim that he has sued the music industry for $ 31m -lrb- # 12bn -rrb- .
police investigating the murder of a man in county antrim have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to .
cheltenham continued their 100 % start to the season with a comfortable win over cheltenham at cheltenham .
the indian writers ' association -lrb- awards -rrb- has condemned the assassination of literary writer writers several in the capital , delhi .
a man who was arrested on suspicion of illegally selling illegal drugs in the us has been arrested in the us .
oldham ended a run of three straight league one defeats with a comfortable win at oldham .
more than # 2m has been spent on funding for volunteers in northern ireland for the first time in more than 100 years .
arlene foster says he does not know that foster foster hero mark foster is `` not a fan '' .
the head of ofsted , sir michael wilshaw , has been accused of failing to prevent child abuse in schools in england .
the new chief constable of hampshire has been named as the new chief constable of the isle of wight .
liam liam 's late try gave catalans dragons a narrow win over catalans dragons in the super league .
a van driver was left in a critical condition after being robbed by a van in glasgow .
google has announced that it is shutting up to 10 % of its stores in the us .
newcastle united have been drawn against newcastle united in the fa cup third round .
juventus midfielder antonio 29-year-old has signed a new two-year contract with the italian champions .
an appeal has been launched to raise # 100,000 to help save the life of a former guardian shop in derbyshire .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says his side have a `` good chance '' of winning the premier league this season .
the uk 's exit from the european union could be a `` huge problem '' for britain , the head of the uk trade union has said .
plans for a new visitor centre in the centre of wakefield have been given the go-ahead by the government .
a man with motor neurone disease has told a high court judge that he will not be able to die to die .
a powerful earthquake has struck parts of the south pacific island of vanuatu , officials say .
at least 10 people have been killed in a bomb blast in the syrian capital , damascus , a monitoring group says .
a dog has been found abandoned and abandoned by a dog in kent .
more than 100 jobs are to be created at a new jobs centre in cardiff .
two australian children who were kidnapped in lebanon have appeared in court in lebanon accused of abducting two children .
when jeremy corbyn was elected leader of the labour party at the end of the general election , it 's been a difficult week for jeremy corbyn .
a new database of urban species has been published by scientists in the us .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in a flat .
we 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
`` it 's like a drinks , '' said graze graze , who has died at the age of 89 .
the uk government is considering legal action against the uk in the fight against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria .
women 's super league one champions glasgow city came from behind to win at the women 's super league one .
the great british swimming championships in london has been officially opened to the public .
the us government is suing the us government for the first time in a case that could have implications for copyright infringement .
jockey billy henderson has become the first jockey to win the cheltenham festival at cheltenham .
prison officers in england and wales are to be balloted for a third day in a row over pay and conditions .
a new study is to be carried out into the use of electronic cigarettes in the uk as part of an effort to stem the risk of leukaemia .
the referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union is likely to be decided .
sainsbury 's has reported a 40 % fall in like-for-like sales to # fuel in the first three months of the year .
more than 1,000 people have been arrested in connection with the rape and murder of a teenage girl in bradford .
a fundraising grant has been set up to raise funds for the fire-damaged mackintosh building foundation -lrb- gsa -rrb- fire-damaged mackintosh building .
the troubled co-operative group , the co-op group , has reported a pre-tax loss of # turnaround for the first half of the year .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has signed a decree to remove the burial of the country 's former president rodrigo duterte .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a car crash .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man died after being hit by a car .
britain 's lizzie deignan will compete in the women 's road race at the uci track cycling world championships in los angeles .
the number of police officers in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , a report has found .
microsoft has launched a console version of the console version of its xbox one console .
women are less likely to have a pay rise in their pay , according to a new study .
the welsh government has been given the go-ahead by the welsh government , paving the way for the welsh government 's new devolution bill .
the professional basketball league -lrb- nba -rrb- has announced plans for a new basketball tournament in the united states .
a man has been jailed for eight years for historical sex offences against children .
barnsley have signed striker dominic jackson on a two-year deal after he rejected a new deal at national league rivals wrexham .
the afghan taliban say they have regained control of a strategically important taliban in the northern province of sangin .
heavy rain and winds have caused major disruption to the high winds of high winds across scotland .
us actress ellen degeneres has signed a petition calling for a ban on female women in the united states .
shares in outsourcing company sign-up have fallen more than 10 % after the company said it had been sending a telephone email .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a pedestrian collapsed on the m20 in kent .
one of the uk 's largest birds , the birds , has said it is looking at the number of nesting birds in the uk .
nhs bosses in england have said they are `` deeply concerned '' about the treatment of patients with mental health issues .
a burst water main in oxfordshire was flooded for several hours after a water pipe burst into the water .
league two play-off hopefuls mansfield and plymouth argyle played out a drab goalless draw at home to plymouth .
urgent action is needed to protect flood defences in flood defences in north yorkshire , a report says .
great britain 's men have qualified for the rio 2016 olympic games in rio .
a man accused of murdering his former partner has told a court he did not want to stop her , a court has heard .
plans to open a visitor centre in north lanarkshire have been given the go-ahead by the scottish government .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers whether uzbekistan 's president islam karimov has been killed .
a man accused of trying to smuggle a woman to death in the uk has been jailed for two years .
saudi arabia has said it is `` appalled '' by reports of terror attacks in saudi arabia , the country 's interior minister has said .
the leader of the northern ireland prison , martin black , has been shot dead in northern ireland .
the wife of a british woman who was forced to leave the uk by the home office has been refused permission to stay in the uk .
the northern ireland assembly has been accused of being `` asked '' over the use of the word `` londonderry '' in northern ireland .
british astronaut tim peake and astronaut tim peake have taken part in an international space station .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has confirmed that the international space agency -lrb- iss -rrb- has returned to the international space station .
a vietnamese woman has given birth to a hospital in vietnam after being admitted to hospital in the us state of vietnam .
a man has described the moment he was destroyed in a fire at a former firework factory in southampton .
castleford tigers moved up to third in super league with a hard-fought victory over castleford tigers .
people in scotland are being urged to stay away from litter in a bid to reduce the number of litter .
a conservative mp has apologised for saying he was `` too fat '' after he said he was `` too fat '' for a health worker .
pakistani schoolgirl malala yousafzai , who was shot in the head by a taliban gunman , has been shot dead by gunmen , pakistani officials say .
a man has been taken to hospital with minor injuries after a fire at a house in herefordshire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on wednesday , helped by strong results from us federal reserve chair janet yellen .
scotland head coach vern cotter says vern cotter 's `` clean '' performance in their world cup quarter-final defeat by france was a `` big game '' .
a memorial to jersey who died in world war one has been unveiled in jersey .
a nigerian schoolgirl who was abducted by boko haram militants in nigeria has been reunited with her parents .
us company hyundai has announced that it is cutting up to $ 100m -lrb- â # consumers m -rrb- for the first time in more than two years .
prime minister theresa may has announced her first online deal with the uk 's biggest online retailer .
a man who died after being hit by a car at a hospital in east sussex has been named .
foreign students in the uk have accused the government of failing to `` wipe out '' migration to the uk .
a 16-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a serious assault in aberdeen .
prime minister theresa may is to meet us president donald trump at the g20 summit in washington .
taoiseach -lrb- irish prime minister -rrb- enda kenny has apologised for comments he made about the republic of ireland 's republic of ireland .
the family of a soldier who died at deepcut barracks in surrey have called for an independent inquiry into the circumstances of the incident .
bbc radio 1 dj james james has received a knighthood in the new year honours list .
hundreds of people have taken part in a mass art festival in the west midlands .
a fire engine room in suffolk has been destroyed in a fire .
former england captain john 78-year-old has called for more support for football in football .
bradford city moved to within a point of the league two play-off places with a hard-fought win at peterborough .
a review of welsh government funding for s4c is to be reviewed , ministers have announced .
singer lily nutini has paid tribute to singer rihanna , who has died at the age of 74 .
the former president of the democratic republic of congo , leon leon , has died at the age of 87 .
a court in iran has sentenced a prominent journalist to 10 years in prison for the murder and murder of journalist jason rezaian .
england 's paul casey is one shot off the lead after the first round of the us open at erin hills .
the chief executive of premiership side gloucester has said the club will not be able to return to the premiership .
the trial of a new breast cancer trial in belfast has begun in belfast .
star wars : the force awakens is to open at this year 's edinburgh international film festival .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was hit by a car .
the number of women taking part in the uk has reached its highest level since records began .
blackpool missed the chance to go top of league two as they were held to a draw at bloomfield road .
this year 's royal society society -lrb- society -rrb- society , which has been at the centre of japan , has taken place in japan .
a new project has been launched in the netherlands to try to identify the world 's largest objects project .
a student who died after being hit by a car in edinburgh has been named by the university of edinburgh .
subsidies for renewable energy subsidies could be `` disastrous '' for renewable energy subsidies , the government has said .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at how the victims of the attack at a mosque in the capital , boko haram .
blackburn rovers manager paul lambert has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club .
the number of people suffering from mental health problems in england is at its highest level since records began , official figures show .
israel has agreed to end a settlement with israeli settlements in the occupied west bank , the white house says .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's benchmark share index fell in the second quarter of the year , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was found dead at a house in kent .
a man has died in a fire at a house in the isle of man .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with the ftse 100 index lower , with the ftse 100 index closing .
super league side wakefield trinity have signed newcastle united forward ben jones-bishop on a season-long loan deal .
myanmar 's military says it was responsible for the deaths of dozens of rohingya civilians in myanmar 's restive rakhine state .
a man has been found guilty of murdering a man who was shot dead in a pub in liverpool .
the renewable heat incentive -lrb- rhi -rrb- is one of the most important issues in northern ireland .
us president barack obama has said the bombing of the bombing of a medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf -rrb- bombing was a `` mistake '' .
leinster moved to within two points of leaders connacht in the pro12 with a bonus-point win over connacht in galway .
a protest has been held against plans to build a dual carriageway on the a303 near stonehenge .
tv drama broadchurch is to return to tv screens for the first time in more than two years .
atletico madrid reached the second round of the copa del rey title with a comfortable win over atletico madrid .
wrexham have signed wrexham striker shaun harvey on loan until the end of the season .
toyota has announced plans to invest # 26.5 m in the uk car industry in a bid to boost production .
hungary 's prime minister viktor orban has been sworn in as the new hungarian prime minister .
a man has been rescued from a sinking boat off the coast of oban in argyll .
northern ireland 's department of education -lrb- dard -rrb- is to cut the number of staff redundant in northern ireland .
odds-on favourite jockey john gosden won the magical stakes at newmarket to win the mount stakes at newmarket .
sunderland defender kirchhoff kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a 19th century stately home in north wales has been given grade ii listed listed status .
a us army sergeant has been forced to retire from the us military base after a series of stress attacks .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of assault after a man was attacked in the early hours of saturday morning .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in rotherham .
eden hazard scored a hat-trick as belgium beat norway to reach the europa league group stage .
boris johnson has been named as the new mayor of london for the first time .
former news of the world editor rebekah brooks and his wife have gone on trial accused of conspiracy to hack the sun newspaper .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in spain has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , official figures show .
northern ireland 's health minister simon hamilton has said the number of people in northern ireland could be cut by more than # 1bn .
a swimming pool is to be turned into a swimming pool after a # 50m revamp .
hearts have signed striker bjorn johnsen on a two-year deal after his release by hearts .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- is launching a new vaccine to tackle the spread of the zika virus .
a man has been jailed for 21 years for the `` wicked '' sexual abuse of two girls in rotherham .
a number of people have been killed in a fire at a former londonderry museum in londonderry .
israel 's new prime minister has been sworn in as the new chief constable of israel .
the head of egypt 's constitutional court has ruled that egypt 's constitutional court will be barred from the constitutional court .
holyrood 's finance committee has published a new fiscal framework for the scottish parliament .
three british military personnel have been killed in a helicopter crash in afghanistan , the ministry of defence has said .
prime minister david cameron 's comments about the uk 's membership of the eu has been widely criticised as `` speaker '' and `` english-language '' .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a stabbing at a railway station in nottingham .
italy have appointed former italy boss antonio conte as their new head coach .
the family of a man who died after being found unconscious in a hotel room have paid tribute to him .
seventeen people have been arrested in the uk as part of an investigation by the national crime agency -lrb- nca -rrb- .
nana akufo-addo has been sworn in as ghana 's new president after a 30-year victory over president john mahama .
the number of people diagnosed with dementia in england and wales is at its highest level since records began , a study suggests .
thousands of people have taken part in a series of events in leeds for the first time in more than 100 years .
all images are copyrighted .
theatre director lord lloyd has said he is `` hopeful '' the production of the west end production of west end production is a `` new chapter '' .
essex fast bowler richard harmer says he will be `` proud '' for his side after being knocked out of the second test against south africa .
it 's been 350 years since the start of the united states , the world 's biggest building of the year .
a new system to improve care for disabled people in england and wales has been launched by the body commission .
there has been a sharp increase in the number of nurses in wales in the past year , figures show .
plans to restore a grade ii-listed cemetery in wrexham have been given the go-ahead .
the risk of type-2 diabetes in the uk could increase the risk of type-2 diabetes , researchers say .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have joined the duke and duchess of cambridge for the first time .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being found unconscious at a bank in birmingham .
the cost of expensive medicines in england has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to uk researchers .
warwickshire have signed northern ireland all-rounder michael o'brien on loan until the end of the season .
the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has announced that it will cut flights to the us from the end of the year .
bookmakers in the uk are being urged to do more to tackle the problem of electronic betting in the uk .
a man from edinburgh has been jailed for two months after he was caught with a knife in edinburgh .
swansea city forward angel rangel says he is `` desperate '' to be the best player in the premier league .
derby county 's butterfield butterfield has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a man 's body has been found at a harbour in aberdeen .
cardiff city head coach paul trollope says his side are capable of reaching the championship play-offs .
the scottish government has launched a consultation on the government 's plan to introduce new social housing tenants in scotland .
it 's been a turbulent year for us president donald trump .
a french company has agreed to pay $ sought -lrb- # sought -rrb- to the french government for tax evasion .
the cyber-attack on the ashley madison infidelity dating website has been revealed by the bbc .
the house of representatives of the house of representatives , donald trump , has apologised for remarks he made about us president-elect donald trump .
the new star wars film of the late star wars film star wars : the force awakens has been named as the new star of the new film .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at the technology industry .
prime minister david cameron has said he is `` extremely concerned '' about the uk 's membership of the eu .
scientists in china have developed a gene code that can reduce the number of cancers in mice .
the new james bond film , the original , is to make a sequel to the new ghostbusters film , it has been announced .
a german soldier has died after being hit by a car in the southern indian city of preparations , officials say .
egyptians have elected president abdul fattah al-sisi as president of the capital , cairo .
louise winkleman has been announced as the new host of the new series of bbc one 's strictly come dancing .
two brothers have been jailed for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in glasgow .
david cameron has accused david cameron of being `` fences '' after being accused of being `` fences '' in the house of commons .
a canadian man has described the moment he was hit by lightning during a ceremony at a ceremony in canada .
scotland 's kirsty hamilton won gold in the women 's singles final at the european indoor bowls championships in glasgow .
oxford is the most popular part of oxford in the uk , research suggests .
a court in brazil has sentenced two men to death for the murder of a woman in the amazon state of manaus .
mae ' r eisteddfod genedlaethol ynys môn wedi dweud ei bod hi 'n cael ei rhwng yn y chynnal nos sadwrn .
a protest has been held in hong kong against a south china protest over the death of a mentally ill woman .
commemorations are being held in dublin to mark the centenary of the 1916 easter rising .
intel , the world 's largest maker of chips , has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first quarter of the year .
the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has said it will continue to improve the number of young pupils in scotland .
celtic have been charged by uefa following crowd trouble at the champions league group stage .
england lock george kruis has been ruled out of the rest of the six nations with a knee injury .
a six-year-old girl died after getting into difficulties while swimming at a hotel in blackpool , an inquest has heard .
mitt romney is preparing to become the next president of the us house of representatives .
a man has been arrested in connection with a shooting at a beach in sydney , police say .
a man in burkina faso has been killed in a deadly disease in the capital , mogadishu , officials say .
former england batsman james taylor is to retire from cricket at the end of the season .
a new chief constable has been appointed to the welsh government .
the mother of a woman who was stabbed to death in the italian alps has said she is `` very concerned '' about her death .
the indian state of uttar pradesh , the country 's largest power station , has reopened after being hit by a controlled explosion .
scotland 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has called on the scottish government to appoint a new police force .
a police investigation is under way after a man was found dead at a sea base in aberdeen .
yum brands , the owner of kfc , taco bell and pizza hut , has reported a rise in profits for the three months to september .
police in mexico say they have arrested a man in connection with the killing of a police officer in the capital , caracas .
tram services in manchester city centre are to undergo a new tram station in manchester city centre .
grimsby town have signed former crystal palace midfielder brad straker on a two-year contract .
a piece of piece paint has been installed in a new york museum for the first time in more than a century .
the boss of the ulster tourism agency -lrb- husbands -rrb- has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future of northern ireland 's tourism industry .
mexican authorities say they have seized more than $ 5m -lrb- â # desert -rrb- in assets in the us , the us state department says .
the uk could leave the european union if the uk leaves the european union , according to the ratings agency moody 's .
chelsea have signed goalkeeper braga eduardo on a deal until the end of the season .
a new game has been launched in the uk for the first time in its history .
-lrb- open -rrb- : the ftse 100 closed higher , with shares in dixons carphone ending the day higher .
the number of child sexual exploitation in england and wales is at its highest level since records began , a report says .
thousands of people have taken to the streets of jakarta for the first time in the wake of the paris attacks .
a pony has been found dead in a `` sprayed '' pony pony , the rspca has said .
health minister simon hamilton has called on the health minister to introduce a new health service in northern ireland .
the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militant group has launched a series of air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in iraq .
`` it 's impossible to be a child , '' says barrett barrett , the former head of the syrian refugee society , beirut barrett , who has died at the age of 74 .
actor peter blessed has said she was `` gobsmacked '' to be reunited with her newborn baby .
in the wake of the iraq war , the united states and the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- came to the west end of the conflict .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found dead in a nightclub .
wales ' first education system will be held in cardiff later this year .
the us space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- has released its first colour image of the planet jupiter .
a man has been charged with murder after a woman was hit by a car in stoke-on-trent .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton to set the pace in second practice at the australian grand prix .
the sdlp leader alasdair mcdonnell has called for a new leader to be the next leader of the sdlp .
dockery dockery is to star in a new play at the london theatre in london 's west end .
two people have appeared in court in california charged with the murder of a woman in the us state of los angeles .
a former president of venezuela 's president has been shot dead in caracas .
sri lanka beat sri lanka by eight wickets in the second one-day international in colombo .
a new shopping centre in edinburgh is set to close at the end of the year .
the bank of england has warned the bank of england 's decision to cut interest rates in the wake of the financial crisis .
one of the uk 's largest car parks has been accused of `` rather '' by the national crime agency -lrb- bpa -rrb- .
josh marriott scored a hat-trick as rotherham came from behind to beat rotherham united at the valley .
the body of a children 's author helen bailey has been found dead in her home in hertfordshire .
a man has been charged with murder after a woman 's body was found in a quarry in devon .
amy johnson has been confirmed as the new star of the galaxy of the galaxy .
it 's been a turbulent week for us president donald trump .
technology giant google is to step down as chief executive of google in the wake of the uk 's exit from the eu .
the uk 's departure from the european union will be a `` new chapter '' in the eu , the european union 's chief brexit negotiator has said .
liverpool won the premier league for the first time in 17 years with a comfortable victory over liverpool at anfield .
forest green rovers came from behind to beat national league leaders forest green rovers in the national league .
fidel castro , the former cuban leader of cuba , is one of the world 's most powerful and enigmatic politicians .
the family of a british man who has been held in iran for more than a decade are being held in iran .
a former bbc presenter has told a jury he was sexually assaulted by a former bbc presenter .
jamie roberts says he was `` gutted '' to be included in wales ' tour of new zealand .
police in italy have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a bomb attack on a berlin shopping station in milan .
a man has been charged in connection with a gun attack in edinburgh city centre .
a couple from scotland are celebrating the first day of this year 's royal wedding society .
for the first time in more than a decade , northern ireland 's agriculture minister arlene foster looks at the future of the poultry industry in northern ireland .
stoke city have completed the signing of fulham midfielder steve sidwell on a three-year deal .
hundreds of people have been evacuated from a block of flats after a fire broke out at a block of flats .
the turkish government says it has arrested eight journalists , including one of the country 's most popular journalists , journalists , media reports say .
the international energy agency -lrb- iea -rrb- has warned that the price of oil has fallen to its lowest level in more than two years .
police in italy have arrested four people in connection with the gang rape and murder of a young man in milan .
the family of a man who died after being diagnosed with terminal cancer have paid tribute to him .
harvard university has become the first university in the us to introduce a new wave of students .
it is one of the most divisive debates in the history of the uk independence referendum .
a welsh dragon has become the first welsh town to visit wales for the first time in its history .
valtteri bottas 's first practice session at the hungarian grand prix came to an end by mercedes team-mate nico rosberg .
the mayor of ferguson , keith keith , has been shot dead by police in the city of ferguson .
one of the uk 's largest tourist attractions has said it is `` disappointed '' the city council has said it is `` deeply concerned '' by the city 's council .
the mother of anni dewani , who was murdered in her home in south africa last month , has told the bbc that her mother was murdered .
a us navy ship has been seized from a ship off the coast of hormuz , iranian officials say .
the hs2 high-speed rail line between london and birmingham is to be scrapped , the government has announced .
a new study has been launched at the university of aberdeen for the first time in the uk .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have marked the birth of their first child .
ivory coast 's first game in charge of ivory coast ended in defeat as they were held to a goalless draw by ivory coast .
the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- has returned to the international space station for the first time .
a new target of reducing the number of pupils in wales has been hailed as a `` target of confidence '' by the welsh government .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this summer .
if you 're a star of one of the world 's most famous video games , one of the most famous video games in the world .
former doctor who star ian tennant is to return to the west end show for the first time .
fbi director james comey has said he was `` very disappointed '' by reports that he fired conversations with russian director james comey .
craft brewer brewdog has announced plans to raise $ 50m -lrb- â # columbus -rrb- in a bid to raise funds for crowdfunding .
residents of a newly-built housing village in the south west of england have been told to make up for superfast broadband .
derby county boss nigel pearson says he is `` very pleased '' to be fit for saturday 's derby derby against derby county .
two men have been jailed for two years for attempting to steal cash from the atm of a cash machine .
a newport food company has been fined # provisions after being found guilty of selling food and food offences .
the leader of the scottish conservatives has called for the uk to leave the european union .
discount retailer owner has announced plans to create 50 new jobs in scotland .
the number of students applying for places in the university of england has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
mullah akhtar mansour , who was killed in a drone crash in afghanistan , has been shot dead in the afghan capital , kabul .
the number of cars registered in scotland has fallen for the first time in three years , according to new figures .
steven naismith says he wants to be the new manager of norwich city .
grimsby extended their unbeaten league run to five games with a comfortable victory at grimsby .
the families of two prisoners who died in prison in england and wales have lost their legal battle against the high court .
huddersfield maintained their unbeaten start to the championship season with victory at play-off hopefuls huddersfield .
welsh cyclist aled davies says she is relishing the chance to win the world championships for the first time since the 9/11 attacks .
the shortlist for this year 's swansea international book award has been announced .
the governor of the mexican state of tamaulipas , javier duarte , has been charged with fraud .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has called for an inquiry into the deaths of three reservists in the brecon beacons .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has launched a new law which allows people to identify victims of sexual abuse .
shrewsbury town midfielder anthony ogogo has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a mother who died after being hit by a car at her home has been jailed for two years .
fifa president sepp blatter has called for a ban on poppies on poppies during world cup qualifying .
cornish pirates scrum-half pirates channon has signed a new two-year contract with the premiership club .
more than a third of children in the uk have been diagnosed with a virus that could have been prevented by a virus , say experts .
a man has admitted stabbing a man to death at a flat in east kilbride .
the hunt for the dale of the sheep in the north-east of england is one of the most all in the uk .
muhammad ali is one of the world 's most famous sporting superstars .
the former prime minister of mauritius , mauritius jugnauth , has resigned from his home in the capital , delhi .
a british soldier has died after falling from a glacier in indian-administered kashmir , the army says .
claire claire is one of britain 's most successful marathon runners .
human remains have been found at a house in shropshire , police have said .
one of the world 's most famous musicians , jack leach , has died at the age of 82 .
the prime minister has said he is `` very concerned '' about the future of the northern ireland executive .
as the uk comes to the uk for the first time in more than two years , many farmers are worried about the impact of the winter weather .
the prince of wales and the duchess of cornwall have died at the age of 97 .
conservative mp mitchell mann has been given a three-month suspended jail term after being convicted of fraud .
a fire that broke out at a block of flats in glasgow has been extinguished by firefighters .
former scottish first minister alex salmond has said the scottish independence referendum would be `` difficult '' for independence .
cardiff blues manager sean morrison says his side are still looking forward to the championship play-off final against st andrew 's park .
us president donald trump has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about president donald trump 's role in the white house .
sutton united moved up to third in the fledgling national league with a 3-1 victory over gateshead at gander green .
canada 's prime minister has signed a new trade deal with canada .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a van in the m1 say they are `` devastated '' by the dangers of driving .
worcestershire batsman joe root hit a career-best century to help his side beat glamorgan by eight wickets in the one-day cup at new road .
leaders of the tuc have voted on the government 's plan to cut cuts to public sector cuts .
a new species of extinct dinosaur has been discovered in spain , according to new research .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found at a house in renfrewshire .
hundreds of thousands of jews have taken part in a march to mark the 70th anniversary of the auschwitz death camp .
glamorgan captain jacques rudolph says his side are capable of winning their first county championship match of the season .
the mother of a woman who died after being treated for pneumonia in a hospital in the us state of pennsylvania has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter .
the rolling stones have been announced as the headline acts for this year 's glastonbury festival .
police searching for a danish journalist who went missing in copenhagen say they are searching for a missing swedish journalist .
french foreign minister laurent fabius has been sworn in as the new president of the french government .
us president barack obama has said he is `` deeply concerned '' about the future of the us president 's relationship with china .
mae llywodraeth cymru wedi gwrthod y bydd hi 'n cael eu ei ar ôl i ' r â yng nghymru .
glamorgan fast bowler timm van der gugten says he is `` very confident '' he will be fit for the 2016 season .
france 's centre-right presidential candidate , francois fillon , has said he is `` very optimistic '' about his plans for a third term in office .
two climbers have been rescued after getting into difficulty off the north wales coast .
alastair cook marked his first test century of the year as england dominated the first test against pakistan in sharjah .
a new fire service is to be set up to oversee a new fire service in east sussex , it has been announced .
women 's super league one champions chelsea were knocked out of the women 's super league in the first round of the women 's super league .
national league side southport have signed striker carlton dugdale on a two-year deal after he was released by queens park rangers .
a memorial service has been held in york to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of the bishop of york .
olympic bronze medallist diver graddon has announced her retirement from athletics .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a disturbance at a house in denbighshire .
all images subject to copyright .
mae jeffrey gwadu gwadu gwadu yn dweud bod angen nhw gwadu dywedodd gwadu gwadu gwadu gwadu gwadu .
an australian court has ruled that a mine in australia 's largest coal mine , which was found in australia , has been found .
welsh actor alun wyn jones has been honoured with a bafta fellowship at the cardiff film festival .
the shortlist for this year 's nigeria women 's player of the year award .
former england football association chairman greg dyke has said he is `` disappointed '' by the football association 's decision to reform the football association .
at least 16 afghan soldiers have been killed in an attack on a military base in afghanistan , officials say .
scientists say they have developed a new way to improve the importance of babies born in babies .
all images are copyrighted .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has signed a deal with the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- .
more than half of nurseries in england and wales will not be able to offer free free hours of free hours , the government has said .
britain 's gabby and gabby adcock have won olympic gold in the women 's doubles at the badminton world championships in beijing .
ukraine is one of the world 's most successful paralympians , but it is the country 's most populous nation .
shares in asia fell on monday as investors digested the country 's economic recovery .
a man has admitted causing the death of a young woman who was hit by a car in glasgow .
a court in nigeria has sentenced two muslim muslim men to 10 years in prison for the murder and murder of a muslim man in the capital , abuja .
wigan athletic have signed everton midfielder john macdonald on loan until the end of the season .
bournemouth manager eddie howe says he is `` not worried '' about the future of the premier league club .
more than half of wales ' community areas have been hit by a rise in the amount of money they receive .
the leaders of the north and south of scotland have met to discuss the future of the north east .
the new formula 1 season starts on wednesday , with the introduction of the new formula 1 season .
the family of a three-year-old boy who died after being hit by a beach have said they are `` devastated '' by the safety of his son .
a project to transform the legacy of glasgow 's old streets has been announced .
a man has been taken to hospital after being attacked by a group of men in north belfast .
home affairs minister keith vaz has called for a ban on the sale of the home secretary , keith vaz , in the wake of the paris attacks .
worcestershire moved to within two points of division two leaders gloucestershire with a resuming victory over worcestershire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a crash .
hollywood star phil collins has donated a $ 1m -lrb- â # leather -rrb- donation donation to the us state of texas .
universities in england will have to pay more than # 100,000 a year in tuition fees , the head of universities in england has said .
people living in the north wales town of cardiff are being warned about the dangers of cyber security .
the un security council has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the deaths of civilians in the south-eastern turkish city of cizre .
a florida man has been charged with drug offences after allegedly pretending to be a doctor in the us state of florida .
when alastair cook became the first england captain to score a test against england on day two of the first test against india , the first test of the first test against india .
the new owners of the bernard matthews have said they are `` dismayed '' that a new pension scheme will be held in the uk .
a woman in the indian city of mumbai has become the first person to win the prestigious women 's prize for the first time .
calls have been made for a review into the closure of the aberdeen control room .
mae ' r prif weinidog theresa may wedi dweud ei bod yn `` weinidog llywodraeth '' ar gyfer yr etholiad cyffredinol .
a snake in florida has been found in the back of a snake in florida , florida .
the value of the pound has fallen to its lowest level since the 2008 financial crisis , according to the ey item club .
championship side nottingham forest have signed midfielder federico macheda from championship side cardiff city for an undisclosed fee .
one of northern ireland 's largest manufacturing firms , caterpillar , is to close its operations in northern ireland .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition against plans to close a former coal mine on greenbelt valley .
cardiff city manager sean morrison says he is `` disappointed '' by his side 's failure to avoid relegation from the championship .
the number of young people with eating disorders in the uk has reached a record high , according to the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- .
worcestershire captain daryl clarke hit his first county championship century of the season as they beat derbyshire by eight wickets in the one-day cup .
longer , choi , juliana , choi , choi , choi and choi .
somerset director of cricket steve moxon says his side can beat somerset in the final of the county championship .
a former football football football player has appeared in court accused of stealing millions of pounds worth of money .
a teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed in the chest in west sussex .
gregory gregory has become the first british woman to win a grand slam title .
the number of transgender people in scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past five years , according to a report .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 closed lower , with shares in easyjet among the ftse 100 index to a record high .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the eu , bbc news looks at the reaction to the uk 's vote to leave the eu .
a company has been fined # 1m after a worker was found dead at a house in dorset .
the 18th century stately home in surrey is to be restored to a stately home , the bbc has learned .
a rider has died after a crash involving a car and a car on the isle of man .
a man has been jailed for eight years after being convicted of conspiracy to kill a woman .
all images are copyrighted .
a woman has been attacked by a prison officer at a prison in county londonderry .
substitute billy kee scored the only goal of the game as accrington came from behind to beat preston at accrington stanley .
the head of the us central bank , janet yellen , has said the us federal reserve will raise interest rates this year .
bayern munich striker nicklas bendtner has been fined # 10,000 by the european football federation -lrb- fff -rrb- for failing to make a fine gesture .
the final of the women 's africa cup of nations final has been postponed because of a suspected heart attack .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have joined the duke and duchess of cambridge for the first time .
a man has pleaded guilty to manslaughter after the death of a man who was stabbed to death .
people in the uk are being encouraged to sign a virtual reality film for the first time .
a man has been found dead at a nature reserve after being found dead at a nature reserve .
japanese electronics giant toshiba has announced that it is shutting down its stake in the japanese conglomerate .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why one of the world 's most famous hillside , over .
an inquest into the death of a man who was shot in the head by his wife has been found dead in his nursing home .
virat kohli 's century led india to a crushing victory over pakistan in the first match of the world cup .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in lincolnshire to mark the 70th anniversary of vj day .
human bones dating back 195 million years ago have been uncovered by scientists at the university of california .
britain 's mark cavendish became the first briton to win the tour de france with victory in the men 's road race .
alan turing , one of the world 's most decorated grayling , has died at the age of 84 .
chelsea have signed chelsea midfielder radamel falcao on loan until the end of the season .
at least 13 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in the iraqi capital , baghdad , officials say .
birmingham city have completed the signing of birmingham city defender linden linden on a two-year deal .
british eventing emily 40-year-old has been airlifted to hospital after suffering a serious brain injury .
barnsley manager gary johnson says he is `` shocked '' by the club 's supporters after the club 's fa cup defeat by barnsley .
india and india have agreed to sign a deal to end a long-running partnership between the two countries .
more than half of welsh voters are hoping to become the first welsh labour party to vote in the referendum on eu membership .
olympic bronze medallist beth tweddle became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
england captain dylan hartley says his side have a `` big chance '' of beating south africa in the first test against south africa .
liverpool boss brendan rodgers says he has no regrets about signing raheem sterling 's future as manchester city manager .
double olympic gold medallist richards-ross richards-ross says she has been `` overwhelmed '' by the lack of women in the world .
the championship play-offs came to an end as they were held to a goalless draw by sheffield wednesday at the championship club .
at least 20 people have been killed in a series of air strikes in the yemeni capital , sanaa , officials say .
the former head of the uk 's first lord o'donnell has told the bbc that leaving the eu would be a `` referendum '' .
wigan warriors have signed full-back kieran tierney from wigan warriors for an undisclosed fee .
a woman has died after getting into difficulties in a north tyneside beach .
mamelodi sundowns of south africa 's mamelodi sundowns have been knocked out of the african champions league for the first time in 17 years .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in county antrim .
one of the world 's biggest car manufacturers has been sold for # london .
former spanish president carmena carmena has been elected as the new mayor of madrid 's capital , madrid .
labour 's pledge to scrap tuition fees for students in england and wales has been announced by the government .
a hospital has been ordered to pay # 100,000 to a hospital worker who was taken from a royal private hospital .
police investigating the murder of a man whose body was found in a village in essex have made a fresh appeal for information .
league one leaders millwall came from behind to beat league one leaders millwall in the efl cup first round .
when shaker aamer arrived at guantanamo bay in guantanamo bay , he was told he will not be able to visit the uk .
changes to the gcse grading system in england and wales will be introduced in the autumn statement later this year .
chancellor george osborne is to announce a review of the government 's spending cuts .
australian citizenship should be banned from entering the country , australian pm tony abbott has said .
the irish open will be played at this year 's irish open , the irish open has announced .
a woman from kent has been criticised for comments she made about facebook .
a police officer who died after being hit by a car in durham has been named by police .
the us state department has said it is `` deeply concerned '' by bahrain 's decision to extend human rights in bahrain .
south africa have appointed south africa 's domingo russell domingo as their new head coach .
jose mourinho returned to the top of the premier league with victory over manchester united at stamford bridge .
aberdeen have signed aberdeen defender graeme shinnie on loan until the end of the season .
england head coach eddie jones says his side 's performance in the six nations defeat by england at twickenham was a `` kick on the ball '' .
the world 's first women 's world cup gets under way in germany this weekend .
the isle of man tt has won the isle of man tt at the isle of man tt .
the sun dominates the front pages of the front pages of northern ireland 's papers .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in cambridge .
dundee united moved up to second in the scottish championship with victory over dundee united at tannadice .
the number of global brands in scotland has risen by more than 10 % in the past year , according to a report .
the return of the women 's rugby world cup gets under way at twickenham on saturday .
australia 's cave cave won the women 's rachel walk at the world triathlon championships in cave , australia .
kane hemmings scored a hat-trick as dundee came from behind to beat ross county in the scottish premiership .
a man has been charged in connection with a sexual assault on a woman in milton keynes .
pop star pop star pop star pop star pop star taylor swift has announced her first album .
gay rights activists have called for a ban on gay rights for gay and gay people .
floyd mayweather and conor mcgregor have called on ufc rival floyd mayweather to be `` young '' and `` out '' .
thousands of children from around the world have taken part in a music festival in kenya to mark the 70th anniversary of the event .
hoffenheim have appointed nagelsmann division as their new head coach until the end of the season .
photographs taken by children in the uk have gone on display in a new exhibition marking the 50th anniversary of the disaster .
the husband of a man who died after being hit by a van while on holiday has been given a life sentence .
a new cancer research centre in manchester has been announced by the university of manchester .
hundreds of thousands of people have taken part in a march in cairo to mark the first anniversary of the death of pope francis in cairo .
police have launched a crackdown on the use of crime crime in scotland .
defending champion henrik stenson will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the dubai desert championship .
the queen is to celebrate the queen 's 90th birthday at the queen 's 90th birthday .
a man has been charged in connection with a fire at a mosque in the us state of minnesota .
the founder of swansea city football club has died at the age of 73 .
the us zoo where a four-year-old gorilla was shot dead at cincinnati zoo has been cancelled .
french police have launched a major operation to attack a major operation in the french city of nice .
a cat has died after being poisoned by a cat in the scottish borders .
prime minister david cameron has said he is `` very disappointed '' at the possibility of sepp blatter 's successor as fifa president .
a new memorial to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of hastings has opened in kent .
the operator of japan 's crippled nuclear power station has announced plans to install a new nuclear power plant in tokyo .
a senior police officer has apologised for a `` terrorist attack '' in the wake of the manchester terror attack .
she hill is one of the most famous women in the world .
nottingham panthers secured their place in the elite league play-offs with a 4-1 win over nottingham panthers .
blackburn rovers came from behind to claim a point against fellow strugglers blackburn .
prince charles has said he was `` deeply saddened '' by the persecution of religious freedom in iraq .
the uk government has announced plans to build a new energy power station in norway .
a report into the deaths of patients at a hospital in cumbria has been criticised by the government .
one of the world 's most important ruler has been unearthed in a west yorkshire village .
it 's been a busy year for prince harry .
a man accused of stabbing a bride to death in a hotel in hertfordshire has told a court he was `` intimidated '' and `` intimidated '' .
juan martin del potro beat spain 's juan martin del potro to reach the second round of the australian open .
staying in the eu could be a `` referendum '' for the eu , justice secretary michael gove has said .
this week , millions of pupils across the world are taking part in a wave of changes to the exam world cup .
a vaccine to prevent cervical cancer in wales has been launched by the welsh government .
real madrid have agreed a deal to sign real madrid striker gonzalo higuain .
a rare monster monster has been spotted on a beach in the north of scotland , the national trust has said .
voting has begun in elections to mark the end of the general election .
a new campaign has been launched to mark the 100th anniversary of britain 's historic history .
one of the world 's most famous helmet anthony has been sold at auction for # collection .
the bank of england has dropped its benchmark interest rate for the first time since 2008 , according to the bank of england .
bradford city have signed bradford city goalkeeper david darby on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
canadian prime minister stephen harper has won a high court fight against canada 's prime minister , harper harper .
one of the uk 's largest steel companies has been bought by liberty steel firm liberty .
a court in sri lanka has sentenced two men to life in prison for the murder of a prominent politician in 1992 .
gloucester hooker mark atkinson has signed a new two-year contract with the premiership club .
ai weiwei , the world 's bestselling artificial intelligence firm , has launched a new generation of artificial intelligence .
a court in pakistan has ordered the arrest of a pakistani man accused of spying for killing a pakistani policeman .
a couple who posted a `` homophobic '' tweet on facebook have said they are `` overwhelmed '' by the response .
a new way to diagnose cancer cases in denmark has been revealed by the university of denmark .
a major road in staffordshire has been closed for the first time in more than a year .
brighton & hove albion midfielder mark minichiello has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club .
a website in the us state of arizona has been shut down by a court in the us .
plans for a new golf course in the highlands have been given the go-ahead by the developers .
one of australia 's most famous inspiration , land , has died at the age of 87 .
myanmar 's president thein sein has signed a peace deal with the country 's armed forces .
when he 31-year-old , the founder of fashion retailer weakness weakness , has told the bbc that he is trying to cut the european union .
national league side forest green rovers have signed former macclesfield town midfielder 32-year-old pidgeley on a two-year deal .
the uk 's energy regulator has warned that energy prices should be hit by the end of the year .
the rise in the number of milk fields in the uk is likely to rise , according to a new study .
cardiff city have appointed former cardiff city boss russell slade as their new manager .
china 's foreign minister has warned that the us will no longer be able to cut oil in the first three months of the year .
nigeria 's military says it has rescued more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by islamist militants in the north-eastern city of chibok .
great britain 's men won silver in the women 's 200m final at the european championships in london .
two medals have been stolen from a museum in bristol .
former wales captain chris clements says the welsh men 's football team will be a `` big achievement '' to qualify for the 2018 world cup .
the scottish government has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of scotland 's fishing industry .
russia has announced it will extend air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria , the country 's military says .
the number of young people drinking alcohol in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to a new report .
temporary energy firm aggreko has reported a sharp fall in profits for the three months to december .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
goals kabylie scored a hat-trick as nigeria beat burundi 2-0 to reach the africa cup of nations quarter-finals .
police are investigating after a fire broke out at a block of flats in edinburgh .
derbyshire all-rounder tom taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the championship club .
councils in england and wales could be forced to spend # claim over the next five years , the government has said .
a 20mph speed limit has been introduced in greater manchester in a bid to reduce congestion in the city .
northern ireland 's first minister , john o'neill , has died at the age of 90 .
tate modern is one of the world 's most influential artists .
the conservatives have lost overall control of the green party in scotland .
newcastle 's women 's rugby world cup win at newcastle falcons has been held at newcastle 's sse arena .
a farmer who built a house castle without planning permission has been ordered to return to court .
a minute 's silence has been held in memory of the victims of the manchester arena attack .
actor and director dustin johnson has died at the age of 86 , his family says .
an outbreak of norovirus at raigmore hospital in inverness has been closed due to a norovirus outbreak .
a woman has been given a six-month suspended jail sentence for embezzling more than # 100,000 from her employer , a court has heard .
a new campaign has been launched in the house of lords in a bid to end the process of leaving the european union .
the leader of colombia 's largest rebel group , the national liberation army -lrb- eln -rrb- , has said it was behind a government office in the capital , quito .
a couple who stole more than # 1m from a couple 's bank account have been jailed .
women in wales are being urged to take part in a new report into women 's rights in wales .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has said he will not seek a new $ 500 -lrb- â # anti-corruption ; $ exchange -rrb- payment to the country 's banks .
a hospital trust has been placed in special measures by the health regulator monitor .
hundreds of thousands of people have been arrested in myanmar 's capital , yangon , to protest against the government 's controversial education reforms .
jewellery worth more than # 20,000 has been stolen from a jewellery shop in lincolnshire .
kenya 's president uhuru kenyatta has been charged with electoral fraud in the capital , nairobi .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have become the first celebrity to compete at this year 's royal television show .
in our series of letters from african journalists , ghanaian writer elizabeth ohene looks at the closure of the new bridge in ghana .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in north lanarkshire .
the family of murdered solicitor pat finucane have called for a review into the murder of murdered solicitor pat finucane .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot dead in liverpool .
a statue of the late singer david bowie has been unveiled in his home town of hull .
the prime minister , david cameron , has accused prime minister david cameron of making `` grossly offensive '' remarks about islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- .
bees are the most common species of bee species in the uk , according to a study .
crewe alexandra striker ryan lowe has signed a new one-year contract with the league two club .
one of the world 's most famous animals , toronto locals , has been shot dead in the us state of oregon .
police are searching for a missing woman who has been missing for more than two weeks .
a pair of items belonging to the family of a soldier who was stolen from his home have been reunited with his family .
one of northern ireland 's most popular show , ulster , has been nominated for the bbc northern ireland 's sports personality of the year .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot dead in oxford .
a children 's church has apologised after a couple complained about christmas presents on social media .
it 's a big day for russia 's president vladimir putin .
national league strugglers southport have parted company with manager steve watson .
sale sharks have signed prop zander cobilas from french side toulon for an undisclosed fee .
the organisers of the belladrum tartan heart festival have launched a new online festival .
a video has been released of a video appearing to show mental health problems with mental health issues .
tesco has announced it is to sell its grocery stores in the uk for the first time .
a man who raped a woman with a baseball bat in glasgow has been jailed for nine years .
archaeologists say they have found a `` mainland '' discovery of a pictish age shipwreck in the outer hebrides .
worcestershire batsman daryl mitchell made his first century in more than two years to help his side take control against worcestershire at trent bridge .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in county tyrone .
a man has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary-style attack in west belfast .
the uk has closed its embassy in tehran for the first time since the iranian embassy in tehran was removed from iran .
one of the world 's most powerful tourist attractions , scenery island , is one of the world 's most important tourist attractions .
the governor of the us state of ohio has announced that it is ending its first day in the us presidential election .
northern ireland 's agriculture minister michelle o'neill has said she is concerned about the future of the northern ireland food industry .
actress and actress andrew johnston is to star in a new itv drama about the itv drama series .
germany 's state pension service , which includes the state pension system , has announced that it will retire from the end of the year .
jared payne is expected to be fit for ireland 's six nations opener against wales on saturday after sustaining a hamstring injury .
former england captain paul cash has signed a new one-year contract with the league two club .
northern ireland 's environment minister has been accused of being `` grossly flawed '' by the high court in belfast .
a police force has been criticised for failing to improve the number of police and crime commissioners in wales .
two men have been jailed for conspiring to smuggle cocaine and cocaine into the uk .
burger brand , the uk 's biggest burger chain , has announced it is buying a new burger chain in the uk .
sony has announced a prs-t3 version of its sony version , which it says will create the world 's largest online model market .
the former chief executive of the lord chief justice -lrb- lord -rrb- has said he is `` deeply disappointed '' by the government 's decision to grant inquests into the legacy of the british government .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has announced a new nuclear power plant in the southern indian state of tamil nadu .
formula 1 driver nico rosberg will be the first british driver to win a formula 1 world title this year .
the murder of a dissident republican who was shot dead in the republic of ireland is being investigated by the irish government .
league one side mk dons have signed former aston villa midfielder andy robinson on a one-year deal .
young girls in scotland are more likely to be linked to violent crime , according to a new study .
sky has launched a new mobile phone service for sky , the uk 's biggest mobile phone service .
dr john hinds , one of northern ireland 's most senior doctors , has died at the age of 90 .
msps have voted in favour of a motion to allow the scottish parliament to be included in the holyrood election .
the number of plastic bags in scotland has fallen by more than 50 % in the last three years , according to new figures .
aberdeen city council has voted in favour of a `` dark hole '' in the city of aberdeen .
a man arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to hack voicemails has been arrested in london , police have said .
a statue of magna carta has been installed in lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of magna carta .
former world number one andy murray will take part in the aegon championships at queen 's club this summer .
nigeria 's prime minister has been attacked by islamist militants in the capital , abuja , officials say .
a man has died after a rollercoaster crash at alton towers in west midlands .
the queen has met the queen in the queen 's birthday honours for her portrayal of the queen .
substitute billy connolly scored the only goal of the game as blackpool came from behind to beat blackpool .
a yellow `` be aware '' warning for rain has been issued for parts of wales .
olympic silver medallist scott scott is to step down from his role as head coach of the london 2012 olympics .
great britain 's taekwondo bobsleigh team will compete at this summer 's olympic games in rio .
the number of scots working in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to a new report .
it 's one of the most famous children in the world .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against the closure of a children 's charity in bristol .
british airways cabin crew have voted to strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
the mother of a three-year-old boy who has a rare form of meningitis has won a legal battle against the government .
olympic gold medallist sophie such has been forced to pull out of the rio olympics after being ruled out of the olympic games .
brentford midfielder tom jones has signed a new two-year contract with the championship club .
emma blackman is to star in a new version of the bbc adaptation of the bbc drama .
a new book has been unveiled to mark the 100th anniversary of the battle of the dambusters raid in germany .
french actress michele morgan has died at the age of 77 , her publicist has announced .
the scottish government has announced plans to close a leisure centre in dumfries and galloway .
microsoft has launched a product version of the virtual reality game minecraft .
chancellor george osborne has defended his plans to cut income tax on income tax , saying it is `` morally indefensible '' .
the us republican presidential nomination is at the heart of the democratic republic of congo and the us presidential election .
british number one johanna konta has pulled out of the nottingham open in the quarter-finals of the nottingham open .
indian prime minister narendra modi 's visit to the indian capital , delhi , is one of the world 's biggest technology companies .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says anthony martial 's agent anthony martial is `` the best player '' in his career .
a football match between wrexham and wrexham has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
stoke city defender ryan shawcross will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the mother of a woman murdered in st andrews has said she was `` shocked '' by the death of her mother .
england won the women 's six nations with a visitors victory over ireland in dublin .
one of the uk 's most notorious broadmoor killers is to be given a prison term for the first time , the bbc has learned .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of the late cuban island of cuba .
swedish fashion firm havelock europa has announced that it is investing # 35m in the uk .
sir bradley wiggins will be the first bbc sports personality of the year for the first time .
the chairman of league two club portsmouth has called for the club 's owners to be offered a chance to support the club .
welsh actor alun wyn jones has become the first person to be caught on a 10ft boat in pembrokeshire .
the international refugee agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb- says it has reached a deal with the international refugee agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb- after it was forced to leave the country .
a judge in south africa has launched a legal bid to overturn a legal challenge for the republic of ireland 's easter holidays .
tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of zimbabwe 's capital , harare , in clashes between police and security forces .
a police officer has been cleared of misconduct after being found guilty of racial racial abuse at a police station .
formula 1 's formula 1 grand prix is one of the greatest sporting stories in formula 1 's history .
the prospect of iran 's nuclear programme , iran , has taken place in tehran , iran , for the first time since the middle east .
australia 's economy grew at an annual rate of 1.9 % in the first quarter of 2016 , official figures have shown .
a permit to frack for shale gas in wales has been approved by the welsh government .
firefighters have tackled a blaze at a block of flats in edinburgh .
the judge in the case of oscar pistorius , the man convicted of killing his girlfriend reeva steenkamp , is to be released from prison .
the widow of a us journalist who was hacked to death in syria has told the bbc that she has been killed by the so-called islamic state .
a rare sea turtle found in the sea off anglesey has been found safe and well .
china 's environment minister has warned that china 's economic growth could be hit by a slowdown in the economy .
a group of mps has called for a law to clamp down on tax avoidance .
worcestershire have signed south africa fast bowler kyle abbott for the first half of their t20 blast campaign .
northern ireland 's finance minister has said he is `` dismayed '' by the government 's finance minister .
a review of the way the nhs in wales is funded has been criticised by the welsh government .
a charity has accused the welsh government of being `` prosecuting '' over the use of animal welfare cases in wales .
great britain 's men missed out on a medal at the world athletics championships in london .
malawi began their africa cup of nations campaign with a 2-0 win over malawi in the first leg of their africa cup of nations qualifier .
the death toll from flooding in south wales has killed at least six people and left more than 800 people dead , officials say .
wales scrum-half eoin morgan has signed a two-year contract extension with the premiership club .
a new study suggests that the juvenile native native american native american native americans may have been exposed to native americans .
one of tanzania 's most prominent academics has called for a ban on gay people in tanzania .
for the first time this year , bp 's chief oil officer , bp , has told the bbc that he is ready to cut the cost of oil and gas prices .
alex hales hit a century as nottinghamshire beat nottinghamshire by eight wickets in the one-day cup at trent bridge .
russian gas prices have risen by more than 10 % in the first three months of the year , according to the european central bank .
the us football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- has announced goal-line technology is being trialled in the united states .
sri lanka made a winning start to the one-day series against sri lanka with a seven-wicket win over sri lanka at the oval .
a us woman has been found dead after being hit by a car in california , police have said .
a group of armed men in the us state of oregon have arrived in the us for the first time in more than a decade .
the duke and duchess of cambridge are to take part in a memorial service to mark the 200th anniversary of the death of princess diana .
british number two aljaz bedene beat spain 's marcel granollers in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the shanghai masters .
hong kong has announced it will build a new railway station in the south china sea .
ivory coast 's hopes of reaching the africa cup of nations quarter-finals came to an end as they were held to a 1-1 draw by ivory coast .
senegal will face senegal in the under-20 africa cup of nations quarter-finals after beating senegal 2-0 in the second leg of the under-20 world cup .
welsh secretary alun cairns has said he is `` very proud '' of the future of the eu referendum .
a former royal navy officer has been appointed as the new head of the royal academy .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us shares closed higher on wednesday , with the dow jones industrial average higher .
leeds rhinos have been given # 1m to help save the grade ii-listed lido in leeds .
russian athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics , the country 's paralympic committee has announced .
it 's been a busy year for london 's transport system .
world number one novak djokovic will face defending champion novak djokovic in the first round of the rio olympics .
national league side aldershot town have signed teenage midfielder 19-year-old 19-year-old on a season-long loan deal .
rangers manager pedro caixinha praised his side 's defensive performance in their 1-0 defeat by rangers .
a man has been seriously injured after a lorry crashed into a house in glasgow .
exeter secured their first win of the season with a comfortable win over crewe at st james park .
world number one andy murray has pulled out of the scottish open final for the first time in his career .
the family of a woman murdered in caerphilly county have won a legal battle against the supreme court .
pope benedict xvi is to set up a new role in the vatican 's new pope , pope benedict xvi has announced .
the number of hip fractures in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to a new study .
a 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fatal stabbing in bristol .
george osborne and george osborne have called on the government to set out what they say is the northern powerhouse of the north east .
sweden striker zlatan ibrahimovic says it was a `` great moment '' as portugal beat sweden to reach the last 16 of euro 2016 .
fernando alonso produced a sensational performance to win the british grand prix and extend his lead at the top of the grand prix .
a new flight to the uk 's first commercial passenger plane has been sold at auction for # destination .
it was one of the most influential singers in the history of the beatles .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have arrived in australia for the first time .
greece 's new prime minister , alexis tsipras , has told the bbc that the greek debt crisis is a `` bit of a actions '' .
sussex have appointed former england head coach mark davis as their new head coach .
former us secretary of state john mcdonnell has received # 1m in damages from the us government .
wales women secured their place in the last 16 of the european championship with a 2-1 win over france in cardiff .
swansea city boss paul clement says he was `` proud '' to be in the premier league after winning the premier league title .
the author of a church in the us state of alabama has spoken of her distress at the moment she said she was `` intrigue '' and `` silence '' .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a man at a primary school in glasgow has been found guilty of murder .
the us securities regulator , securities securities , has called on the us government to introduce a $ 2bn -lrb- â # investments -rrb- investment in the wake of the financial crisis .
martin mcguinness has been named as the new isle of man tt team for this year 's isle of man tt .
nhs patients in england are being urged to do more to tackle the number of patients being referred to patients .
the nhs in wales is one of the most important public meetings in the history of the nhs .
the snp has been sworn in as the new leader of the scottish parliament .
a trial of hiv treatment for hiv treatment in england and wales has been launched by the united nations .
a fire has broken out at a disused railway station in south yorkshire .
`` if you are a young dancer , '' says philippa hitchon , one of britain 's most successful sports stars .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a police officer in county tyrone .
the number of female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- in wales has been launched by nhs wales .
dixons carphone , the uk 's biggest online retailer , has reported a rise in profits and profits .
scientists say they have found the first evidence that the asteroid was wiped out of the atmosphere .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us shares closed higher on wednesday , helped by a strong performance from wall street .
bbc sport football expert mark lawrenson is predicting the outcome of every game at the 2016 world cup .
tottenham boss mauricio pochettino says his side 's poor start to the season was a huge factor in his side 's 5-0 thrashing by tottenham .
a woman from north yorkshire who was conned out of a dating website has said she was `` overwhelmed '' by the lack of money on social media .
a plan to improve children 's education in wales has been announced by the welsh government .
an investigation has been launched into claims that a british man died in a house fire in iraq .
a doctor has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a patient at a hospital in inverness .
scottish athletics has been criticised by the scottish government over its funding programme .
russia 's decision to impose sanctions on russia 's annexation of crimea has been widely criticised by russian president vladimir putin .
a former leader of ukip 's new leader has called for the party to be allowed to stand in the party 's new leader .
thousands of people who have died in the aftermath of the deadly 1960s disease are to receive compensation from the government .
wales coach robin mcbryde says the squad will be `` a big part of the british and irish lions '' after the british and irish lions tour to new zealand .
monty python star nathan jones has posted a video mocking him in a live television show .
donegal 's rory mcilroy and donegal 's gallagher rory have been ruled out of saturday 's ulster sfc quarter-final against donegal in galway .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in mexico for the first time since president enrique pena nieto was elected .
a 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a teenage girl was killed in a crash .
the number of people living in the us has fallen by more than a third in the past three years , according to a survey .
a man has been charged with preparing to commit acts of terrorism .
norwegian mass murderer anders behring breivik has gone on trial in norway .
the uk 's biggest mobile phone retailer , carphone , has been targeted in a hack attack , the company has said .
a man has been found guilty of murdering his estranged wife , who was found dead in her cardiff home .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been given the royal mint to mark the queen 's 90th birthday .
a museum dedicated to the code of world war two keyboard has gone on display at the national museum of computing .
london 's council has launched a legal challenge against the government 's bid for a third runway at london 's heathrow airport .
league one side northampton town have signed former charlton athletic midfielder motta ghoochannejhad on a two-year contract .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a house in essex .
a memorial plaque has been unveiled for a teacher who was stabbed to death in a leeds park .
manchester united could be the first player in the world to win a premier league title , says manager danny wilson .
french police have arrested a man suspected of being part of a terror attack on a berlin museum .
labour 's deputy leader harriet harman has launched her manifesto for the party 's manifesto manifesto .
rangers won the scottish league cup for the first time in 17 years by beating rangers in the scottish league cup final .
manchester city 's hopes of avoiding relegation from the premier league were dented as they were held to a goalless draw at burnley .
a man suspected of planning a terror attack in paris has been charged with terrorism offences , officials say .
chelsea midfielder victor moses could be out for the rest of the season with a knee injury , says manager mark hughes .
the head of the us 's intelligence agency has warned that the us should be able to use the use of drones in the middle east .
a motorcyclist has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on wednesday , helped by strong earnings from wall street .
jockey , ridden by frankie dettori , won the richard stakes for trainer aidan o'brien at newmarket .
ireland fell to a five-wicket defeat against ireland in the opening game of the intercontinental cup in dublin .
police have launched a murder inquiry after an armed robbery at a house in sgt , county down .
jamie murray and jamie murray have been named in the great britain squad for the atp world tour finals .
croatia 's coric coric beat world number one caroline wozniacki to reach the semi-finals of the monterrey open .
a man has died after a crash involving a car and a car in swansea .
former labour leadership contender andy burnham has called for a vote on whether to allow candidates to vote in the general election .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has condemned the death of a palestinian man who was hit by a car in jerusalem .
nice striker mario balotelli has been charged with assaulting mario balotelli .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's benchmark share index closed lower , with the ftse 100 index closing 28 points lower .
a man who stabbed a woman to death in belfast has been jailed for life .
a convoy of lorries from a rebel-held town in the eastern ukrainian city of luhansk has arrived in the eastern town of ukraine .
an inquest into the death of a two-year-old boy who died after being mauled by a dog has been condemned by a coroner .
a man who posted pictures of a teenage girl on social media has been given a suspended jail sentence .
chinese e-commerce giant alibaba has filed for $ alibaba bn -lrb- # chinese bn -rrb- for the first quarter of the year .
millions of millions of people in the uk are more likely to be exposed to antibiotics , a study suggests .
pope francis has met palestinian leader mahmoud abbas in jerusalem for the first time .
lancashire 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- is to cut its budget cuts , the force 's chief constable has said .
republic of ireland captain jon walters has been ruled out of the republic of ireland squad for the republic of ireland .
the rugby football union -lrb- rfu -rrb- has announced it is considering introducing a cap on the sale of french rugby union -lrb- switch -rrb- .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed at a house in edinburgh .
the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- has banned the body of the world anti-doping agency -lrb- wada -rrb- .
hundreds of jobs are under threat at a packaging processing plant in antrim , county antrim .
thousands of people have taken part in a triathlon event in pembrokeshire .
the world 's oldest man , arthur arthur , has died at the age of 83 .
allegations of historical child sex abuse allegations against former labour mp lord janner have been dropped , the bbc understands .
new guidelines are to be introduced by the national highway for the first time , the us department of justice has announced .
police in india have arrested a woman in connection with the rape and murder of a woman in the northern indian state of kerala .
iraqi security forces have fired tear gas and stones to disperse protesters in baghdad 's capital , baghdad , officials say .
mae ' r llewod yng nghymru wedi cael ei penderfyniad ar gyfer yr eisteddfod genedlaethol ynys môn .
microsoft has announced plans to build the world 's biggest broadband cable network .
sydney sixers reached the semi-finals of the inaugural women 's super league with a sixers win over sydney sixers in perth .
chinese shares traded higher on wednesday as investors waited for the first time this year .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a bus in gwynedd .
actor david ford has said he is `` excited '' to star wars films as he prepares for star wars : the force awakens .
newcastle boss sam allardyce says his side are `` desperate '' to avoid relegation from the premier league .
the pakistani government says it has carried out the first compound compound in the capital , islamabad , in a compound in the capital , islamabad .
blackpool fans have said they are `` deeply disappointed '' by a legal action against the club 's supporters .
the prime minister of the exchequer , mario harrington , has said he is `` delighted '' by the number of syrian refugees fleeing the uk .
steven croft 's century helped kent to a seven-wicket win over kent in the one-day cup at lord 's .
a man who threw a milk bottle at a tesco store has been given a suspended jail sentence .
the us has said it is `` appalled '' by the us military 's decision to release two us prisoners from the united states .
league one leaders oldham athletic came from behind to earn a draw against league one strugglers oldham .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man 's body was found in a house in greater manchester .
national league side braintree town have signed former scunthorpe united midfielder liam davis on a two-year contract .
a man has been charged with theft and theft after a man was found dead at a house in newport .
two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in west london .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in moray .
former manchester united midfielder david nice has signed a new two-year deal with the club .
madagascar 's president rajaonarimampianina rajaonarimampianina has been sworn in as the new president of madagascar .
a man has been convicted of causing the death of a cyclist by careless driving .
thousands of protesters have marched through brighton to protest against the planned protest of a protest march .
a new law to tackle brexit is to be introduced in the uk , according to a new report .
tottenham maintained their lead at the top of the premier league with a comfortable victory over swansea .
the 2017 women 's world cup will be broadcast live on bbc radio 5 live .
the london underground trade union -lrb- lu -rrb- has announced a new night tube deal with the london underground .
russia and turkey have agreed to end talks with the syrian government in a bid to end the conflict in syria .
playboy , playboy , playboy , playboy , playboy , playboy , playboy , playboy , playboy , playboy , playboy , playboy , playboy and playboy .
the scottish government has announced plans for a new offshore wind farm in the outer firth of aberdeen .
plans for a new bridge crossing in the centre of bristol have been given the go-ahead .
the number of sexual abuse victims in england and wales has increased by more than 50 % in the past five years , the bbc has learned .
the cassini spacecraft has successfully completed its first mission to saturn .
`` it 's a dream , '' says amputee ashley , the head of scotland 's football association , and the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- , the bbc 's pitch watching looks at some of the highlights of scottish football .
a man has been found guilty of supplying a drugs worth # 1m from his home in edinburgh .
one of the world 's most important archaeological sites has been discovered in the city of acre .
swansea city have been relegated from the premier league for the first time after beating swansea city in the premier league .
england have named six uncapped players in their squad for the six nations opener against england at twickenham on saturday .
two former leaders of the high court have lost a legal bid to overturn a legal case against the collapse of a former coal mining firm .
hibernian head coach neil lennon hailed his side 's defensive display as they beat rangers to reach the scottish cup quarter-finals .
championship side derby county have signed former hull city midfielder andrew davies on a two-year contract .
the football association of england -lrb- faw -rrb- says it is `` very pleased '' that the england football team will be the first nation in the world to be recognised .
one of the most famous dinosaur fossils in the world has been bought by the oxford museum .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- president thomas bach has been questioned by the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- .
plans to build a wind farm off the aberdeenshire coast have been approved by councillors .
video game maker valve has announced it is to launch its first video game in the us .
league two side blackpool have signed chelsea striker matt allsop on loan until the end of the season .
one of the uk 's largest food firms , lines , has gone into administration .
education secretary nicky morgan has announced plans to cut funding funding for schools in england .
home secretary diane abbott has defended her decision to cut the number of police officers in england and wales .
russian gymnast unspecified unspecified has been stripped of her olympic gold medal at rio 2016 after failing a drugs test .
england 's justin rose carded a stunning victory in the final round of the women 's pga championship at wentworth .
a man has been found guilty of murdering his wife and her wife .
a garden in north wales has been restored for the first time in more than a decade .
scientists have discovered the earliest known ancestor of modern humans .
a new # 2m redevelopment of a denbighshire village has been approved by councillors .
in the middle of the middle east , in the middle east , in the middle of the middle east , in the middle of the middle east , in the middle east .
a snake found inside a suitcase in swansea has been found safe and well .
fulham have signed german midfielder 25-year-old 25-year-old on loan until the end of the season .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man 's body was found in a hotel in manchester .
the chief minister of the german capital , paris papademos , has been killed in a car bomb blast in the capital , athens .
former world champion williamson norfolk says she is `` lucky to be alive '' after suffering a serious neck injury in a motorbike crash .
paris st-germain have signed french forward jese rodriguez from paris st-germain for an undisclosed fee .
greece 's central bank has been fined $ acquitted -lrb- # charge ; $ acquitted -rrb- after being found guilty of tax evasion .
gillingham missed the chance to go top of league one as they were held to a draw at gillingham .
a new trial has shown that some children in cambridge can be treated with a peanut allergy , a study suggests .
former welsh secretary lord hain has said he will not stand in the welsh assembly if he wins the assembly election .
james corden is to return to the london stage for the first time in more than two years .
the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- is to review its decision to stop all bus services in bristol and bristol .
joe root has been named as the new captain of the england and wales cricket board .
the gaelic football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- has announced that the gaa will be the next president of the gaelic football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- .
the boss of nissan has said it is `` very disappointing '' that the uk 's decision to leave the european union will be `` very disappointing '' .
a high court judge has dismissed the government 's decision to impose legal action against the uk 's air quality agency -lrb- advance -rrb- .
liberia 's president , leone leone , has been declared a quarantine for the first time since the outbreak of ebola .
pop star star star has become the first british artist to win a prestigious album of the year .
tube staff at london underground -lrb- lu -rrb- are to be balloted on strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions .
hundreds of people have been evacuated from their homes in the south of the country after heavy rain and heavy rain .
former world number one tiger woods says he is looking forward to being fit for this year 's dubai desert classic .
former wales midfielder andy crofts says he has no regrets about his future as he prepares to return to the championship .
a mother who was left with severe brain injuries after being hit by a brain has been told she can not be prosecuted .
in the middle of the world , the world 's biggest football union , the world 's biggest football union , is not the only part of the world .
a former child sex abuse victim has been jailed for 12 years for child sex offences .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in birmingham .
one of the world 's most famous toy toys has been sold for $ brighton -lrb- # plastic -rrb- for the first time .
tunisia forward sliti sliti has joined french ligue 1 side montpellier on loan until the end of the season .
plans to build a new road junction in wrexham have been given the go-ahead by the government .
northern ireland 's deputy first minister martin mcguinness has been suspended from his post for medical reasons .
brexit secretary david davis has met the uk government for a meeting with brexit secretary david davis .
a man has been seriously injured after he was hit by a car in glasgow city centre .
if you 're going to work for a job in singapore , it 's easy to be a bit of a lecture .
a rare collection of memorabilia and memorabilia has been sold at auction for the first time .
northern ireland 's mark noren shot a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the open open at royal troon .
ipswich town moved up to third in the championship with victory at ipswich town .
the head of the european court of human rights has told the supreme court that the supreme court will not be allowed to vote in the eu referendum .
it 's been a busy year for young people in england and wales .
russia 's high court has ordered a law to allow foreign non-governmental organisations in the country to leave the eu .
norwegian helicopter maker airbus has been fined # type after a fatal crash in norway .
it was one of the most dramatic moments of the scottish cup , but it was the perfect moment for the scottish cup final .
it 's been a big year for great britain to win the davis cup for the first time .
bangladesh 's central bank , the bank of bangladesh , has been accused of stealing more than $ 72m -lrb- â # hack -rrb- .
it 's been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union .
the football association has announced plans to introduce new rules to tackle concussion in football .
a man who attacked a man with a single punch in londonderry has been jailed for three years .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has cancelled a meeting with us president barack obama in a meeting with president barack obama .
a woman has been killed in a car crash in france .
the uk 's largest container ship , grangemouth terminal , has begun a multi-million pound upgrade of the port of grangemouth .
it 's been a busy year for many people in the uk .
the pound has fallen sharply as investors reacted to the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
wigan warriors head coach shaun wane says his side 's `` incredible '' super league win over sydney roosters was a `` fantastic achievement '' .
a man who died after being hit by a car in thailand has been named by police .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
archaeologists have uncovered one of the world 's most important trenches in world war one .
bollywood star salman khan has appeared in court in mumbai charged with causing death by dangerous driving .
a fire that destroyed a 16th century hall in greater manchester has been named by police .
a yellow `` be aware '' weather programme has been cancelled due to high winds across wales .
leinster moved to the top of the pro12 table with a bonus-point win over bottom side cardiff blues at the rds .
a man who was convicted of sexually assaulting patients at a nottingham hospital has been given a suspended prison sentence .
people living in the isle of man in indonesia are being urged to stay away from the island .
scientists have discovered what they say is the oldest fossil of human life in the world .
she khong is one of malaysia 's most famous and enigmatic actresses .
college lecturers in scotland have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pay .
a former bus station boss has been fined # burrows by the city regulator for failing to pay an extra # director from the city .
a climber has been airlifted to hospital after falling on rocks in the cairngorms .
us president barack obama has said he is `` deeply concerned '' by the death of a medecins sans frontieres -lrb- msf -rrb- clinic in the afghan city of kunduz .
the family of a doctor who died after being hit by a car have said they are `` devastated '' by the response .
the mother of arlene arkinson has told the inquest into arlene arkinson 's disappearance was a `` nightmare '' .
england 's batsmen reached the second round of the one-day cup with a comfortable win over sussex .
two people who died in a rollercoaster crash at alton towers have been named by firefighters .
google has reported a sharp rise in advertising revenue in the wake of a surge in advertising revenue .
more than 2,000 people have signed a petition calling for a new law to tackle online abuse .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has called for a change in the number of people suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder .
a musical musical based on the west end is to be held in west london .
nottingham forest have signed defender guedioura guedioura on loan from wolves until the end of the season .
named musician , one of the music 's most influential musicians , has died at the age of 90 .
the scottish government has launched a legal challenge to the introduction of the introduction of child sex abuse in scotland .
a new campaign has been launched to highlight the impact of women taking part in the grand national .
jos buttler hit a century as england beat pakistan by seven wickets in the first one-day international in new zealand .
a large number of people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out at a building in aberdeen .
-lrb- close -rrb- : london 's leading shares fell on monday after the company reported a fall in full-year profits .
kenya 's nobel peace prize winner , sirleaf ellen johnson , has won the nobel peace prize .
david bowie has topped the uk singles chart for the first time .
former scotland captain george galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a former celtic football club boss has been jailed for two years for stealing # 1m from a scottish football club .
the head of the welsh government has said he is `` very optimistic '' about the future of local councils in wales .
police have appealed for help in tracing a man who has been missing for more than two weeks .
a new system for schools in scotland is being introduced by the scottish government .
a grade ii listed mansion in south yorkshire has been restored to the public for the first time .
the union 's chief executive , mark roache , has been appointed as the new leader of the gmb union .
surrey captain gareth batty has signed a two-year contract extension with the county until the end of the 2019 season .
a railway line between north wales and north wales has been closed due to a waterlogged landslip .
the mayor of london has written to the prime minister calling for a new runway at gatwick airport .
portsmouth missed the chance to move into the league two play-off places with victory over carlisle at fratton park .
police in the german town of catalonia have arrested nine people in connection with an attack on a town in the town of catalonia .
hungary 's prime minister has called for an end to the migrant crisis in hungary .
ricky miller scored a late winner as dover came from behind to beat chester in the national league .
two people have been rescued after their boat capsized off the coast of devon .
a suicide bomber has attacked a military base in southern afghanistan , killing at least 11 people , officials say .
the uk 's immigration policy is `` take '' , a leading immigration minister has said .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for more support for victims of violent abuse in south yorkshire .
prime minister david cameron has said he will not vote for the uk to stay in the eu after the uk leaves the eu .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has called for the removal of president jacob zuma to step down .
how much do you know about the future of cold ?
a fatal accident investigation into the deaths of two pilots at a helicopter crash in inverness has been launched by the scottish government .
alviro petersen 's century helped lancashire to a four-wicket win over lancashire at old trafford .
a woman has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in dorset .
a fisherman has been rescued after getting stuck in the sea off the coast of county donegal .
ibm 's artificial intelligence system has been developed by researchers in silicon valley .
the prime minister of china has opened its doors for the first time in the uk .
french centre-right presidential candidate francois fillon has been charged with corruption , the party says .
the house of lords has passed its first parliamentary day since the house of lords .
non-league sutton came from behind to draw 2-2 with sutton in the fa cup second round .
voting has begun in elections across england and wales .
motorists have been warned not to drink driving in north wales as part of a drive to reduce pollution .
it 's been a busy year for the rugby world cup .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an armed robbery in norfolk .
wales lock luke charteris will join newport gwent dragons at the end of the season .
police in china 's xinjiang province have arrested three people in connection with a bomb attack in xinjiang , state media report .
birmingham city manager derek adams has been given a three-match ban after being sent off by the championship club .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering his estranged wife at his home in county antrim last year .
american golfer jason bohn is in a stable condition in hospital after suffering a head injury in the third round of the pga tour .
the bbc 's director of state has said it would be `` disastrous '' for the bbc to be allowed to pay for the bbc licence .
people have been using your questions to ask us what they want to know about the west midlands .
the deputy speaker of the ulster unionist party -lrb- gordon -rrb- , craig gordon , has been appointed as the new speaker of the northern ireland assembly .
the european football association -lrb- 1,500 -rrb- has said it will not attend a friendly against the paris attacks in paris .
it 's been a busy year in the world of entertainment .
star wars actor sir christopher christopher has returned to the west end for the first time in more than a decade .
arm holdings , the world 's biggest arm of arm , has been bought by arm holdings .
a court in russia has sentenced two people to death over a bomb attack on a luxury site in the russian capital , moscow .
the metropolitan police commissioner is to investigate allegations of historical child abuse allegations , the bbc has learned .
glamorgan batsman aneurin donald has been named glamorgan 's player of the year for the first time .
a russian plane carrying 224 people on board has been killed in a plane crash in eastern sinai , officials say .
sir eric branson has announced he will step down as mp at the general election .
newcastle moved into the premier league relegation zone with a comfortable win over newcastle .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a burglary at a house in greater manchester .
a 12-year-old boy has become the first person in the world to have a new album .
the family of a boy who died in a plane crash in corfu have called for a review of the impact of the tragedy .
the number of cosmetic surgery in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- , the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- , has signed a deal with the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- .
a primary school in county londonderry is to close at the end of this year , the education authority has announced .
rugby league club black bulldogs have paid tribute to two england players who died after being struck by a car .
barak barak , one of the world 's most powerful oil field , has died at the age of 88 .
at least two people have been killed in a series of protests in india 's western state of bihar .
lewis hamilton said he was `` very happy '' to win the hungarian grand prix at the season-ending abu dhabi grand prix .
uganda 's main opposition leader kizza besigye has been arrested on suspicion of electoral fraud , state media say .
dozens of syrian civilians have been evacuated from besieged rebel-held eastern districts of the syrian capital , damascus , officials say .
forest green rovers came from behind to claim a 2-2 draw with torquay in the national league .
chelsea midfielder n'golo kante has signed a new two-year contract with the premier league champions .
the conservatives have lost overall control of gloucestershire county council .
ufc lightweight champion conor mcgregor says he is ready to fight floyd mayweather in the fight against conor mcgregor at ufc de las vegas .
actress o'donnell o'donnell has died at the age of 89 , her family has said .
wigan moved up to third in super league with a hard-fought victory over wigan warriors at the dw stadium .
european leaders have been reacting to the news that britain 's vote to leave the european union .
us president donald trump has said he has `` no idea '' he will be involved in the fight against russian president vladimir putin .
at least 10 people have been killed and more than 100 injured in a series of attacks on the north korean island of guam , officials say .
adebayo akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as wycombe came from behind to beat league two wycombe wanderers .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a car in snowdonia .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has successfully completed its first mission to mars .
the restoration of glasgow school of art 's -lrb- gsa -rrb- mackintosh building in glasgow has been given the go-ahead by the scottish government .
a county durham hospital is to close its doors for the first time in more than 70 years .
a man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering a woman whose body was found in a flat .
new southampton striker dale stephens says he is `` very confident '' of his side 's poor start to the premier league season .
the dutch authorities are investigating whether a buk missile that crashed in eastern ukraine may have been involved in a crash in eastern ukraine .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of syria-related terrorism offences .
league two side mansfield town have signed mansfield town midfielder marcus bignot on loan until the end of the season .
comedian steve richardson is to star in a tv remake of the comic game .
former rangers captain darren ferguson believes scott brown would be a `` great character '' when he won the scottish cup final .
partick thistle have signed former partick thistle midfielder alan archibald on a two-year contract .
lewis hamilton , lewis hamilton and michael schumacher are one of the most successful races in formula 1 .
a group of scientists in the north west of england have been talking about the extent of ice in the sea .
a funeral service has been held to mark the 100th anniversary of the death of mark percival .
three men have been arrested on suspicion of child sexual exploitation in rotherham .
a judge has ordered a judge to file a legal challenge to the family of a woman who has gone on trial in los angeles .
russia 's economy shrank by 0.2 % in the first three months of the year , according to the country 's central bank .
moeen ali and moeen ali led england to a three-match victory over west indies in the first test at trent bridge .
chelsea will host manchester city in the fa cup semi-finals at wembley on sunday .
britain 's runcorn runcorn won gold at the world indoor bowls championships in outcome , switzerland .
a court in canada has ordered the release of a court in the us state of los angeles , accusing it of being `` large '' .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a robbery at a post office in glasgow .
it 's been a turbulent year for former us president barack obama , who has died at the age of 74 .
laura muir says she will not be able to compete at this year 's scottish indoor athletics championships .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at what is thought to be the uk 's first polish prime minister .
st johnstone moved five points clear at the top of the premiership with victory at st johnstone .
a deal has been reached between the syrian government and rebel groups in syria .
wales defender tomas francis says he is `` happy '' to be fit for wales ' six nations opener against wales on saturday .
more than 100 people have taken part in a series of events to mark the 30th anniversary of vj day .
british number one johanna konta came from behind to beat czech lukas rosol and reach the semi-finals of the wuhan open .
a memorial service has been held in cardiff to mark the centenary of the battle of the battle of the somme .
pop singer mans clyro has become the first singer to win the us album of the year .
this winter 's winter winter winter at the arctic circle of the arctic , the arctic , the arctic , the arctic , the arctic and the arctic .
a british holidaymaker has died after falling from a beach in bulgaria .
national league side sutton united have signed striker gary mills from national league rivals lincoln city .
the scottish government has launched a campaign to increase the number of teacher places in scotland .
a former teacher who admitted sex offences against young boys has been banned from the profession .
ireland captain johnny sexton has been ruled out of ireland 's six nations opener against france in dublin on saturday .
nottinghamshire all-rounder daryl gurney has signed a new three-year contract with the championship club .
alcohol consumption in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level in five years , according to a new report .
birmingham city midfielder andros townsend has been suspended by the football association by the football association .
us department store chain macy 's has reported a sharp fall in sales in the first three months of the year .
the british and irish lions test victory over the barbarians at the end of the tour de france was one of the most contentious moments in the british and irish lions .
a man has been jailed for sexually abusing a woman in a dundee flat .
argentina 's foreign minister has called for a ban on argentina 's sovereignty in the falkland islands .
ulster moved to within two points of ulster rivals ulster at the top of the pro12 after coming from behind to beat ulster .
lancashire 's liam livingstone hit a career-best century to help his side take control against lancashire at old trafford .
tens of thousands of people have marched through mexico 's capital , enrique , to protest against a ban on gay rights .
midfielder scott sinclair has joined league one side coventry city on a season-long loan .
coventry city council has said it is `` disappointed '' that coventry city 's owners have agreed a planning application for the club 's owners .
germany 's hopes of reaching the last 16 of euro 2016 were dealt a blow as they were beaten by germany in their world cup qualifier in berlin .
a new exhibition is being held in north east wales to mark the 50th anniversary of the north east .
the mayor of liverpool has announced plans to increase the number of local authorities in a bid to increase council tax .
niger 's president omar al-bashir has been arrested in niger for allegedly selling uranium worth $ 1.7 bn -lrb- â # scandal bn -rrb- .
rb leipzig extended their lead at the top of the bundesliga with a comfortable victory over german side rb leipzig .
alberto contador has said he will not compete in the tour de france as he prepares to defend his tour de france title .
it 's been a turbulent year for british prime minister david cameron .
an indian national park has been fined $ 10,000 -lrb- â # images -rrb- in connection with the death of a lion in the western state of gujarat .
bolivian president evo morales has ordered the country 's president evo morales to step down .
scotrail has said it is `` appalled '' by the scottish government 's response to the punctuality of scotrail 's trains .
a new music festival will be held in the west end for the first time in more than 30 years .
a man has been charged with murder in connection with the killing of a man in the us state of pennsylvania .
walsall have signed defender scott roberts on a two-year deal following his release by league one rivals walsall .
us president donald trump has ordered a ban on a ban on religious organisations in the us .
the former head of the army 's inquiry into historical child abuse in iraq has said he is `` devastated '' by allegations of abuse .
a man accused of taking her daughter to death in saudi arabia has been ordered to leave the high court .
the number of people living in scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past year , according to a report .
great britain 's sonar lucas won a silver medal at the rio world series in canada .
a former police officer has been jailed for five years for sexually abusing a girl in the 1980s .
ross county secured their place in the scottish cup quarter-finals by beating ross county in dingwall .
virgil van dijk scored a hat-trick as italy came from behind to beat italy and reach the women 's euro 2017 semi-finals .
manchester united have completed the signing of manchester united midfielder paddy mcnair for an undisclosed fee .
former liberal democrat leader nick alexander has been elected as the new liberal democrat leader .
a row has broken out over a shortage of care homes at a care home in southern england .
nathan gill , the former leader of the welsh assembly , has said he will not stand in the assembly election .
macclesfield recorded their first win of the national league season with a comfortable win at wrexham .
german chancellor angela merkel 's visit to the german capital , angela merkel , is one of the world 's most powerful political leaders .
the number of hospital beds in northern ireland has increased by more than 50 % in the past year , according to a new report .
more than 100 new homes are to be built in swansea as part of a # 3.4 m funding package .
carlisle united 's automatic promotion hopes were dealt a blow as they were held to a draw by carlisle .
newcastle falcons prop josh green has been banned for two weeks after being found guilty of striking .
meet beth , who 's best known as updated , has become the first person in the world to be a music sensation .
a world war two spitfire has been unveiled in cardiff to mark the 75th anniversary of the discovery of world war one .
a man has been found guilty of the `` rspca '' murder of a puppy farm in essex .
all images subject to copyright .
a bull in the us state of idaho has been shot dead after escaping into a lake in the us state of idaho .
scientists say they have found a way to prevent the spread of a aim experiment .
a man has been arrested after a cash machine was stolen from a bank bank bank .
a dundee man has been jailed for two years for embezzling more than # 100,000 from a prison officer .
a chronology of key events : .
scientists in cambridge say they have developed a robot that can be used by robots .
volunteers have been asked to pay # 500,000 to a community community in a row over plans to close a community hall .
residents in flintshire are being urged to take action on a bin bin bin bin collections .
two people have been killed in a car crash in the us state of san diego , officials say .
the democratic republic of congo came from behind to beat the democratic republic of congo and reach the africa cup of nations quarter-finals .
britain 's chris froome won stage four of the tour de france as chris froome won stage 14 .
a us federal police officer has been charged over the death of a black woman in texas .
swindon were held to a goalless draw by struggling swindon at the county ground .
a man has been charged with causing the death of a cyclist in a car crash .
the number of people living in scotland fell by 5 % in the first quarter of the year , according to new figures .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is `` very sorry '' about the future of the uk 's election campaign .
one of the most senior women in the world , one of the world 's most famous players , has announced she will play at the end of the season .
south yorkshire police has been criticised for failing to properly investigate child sex abuse in rotherham .
midwives at the royal college of midwives in northern ireland have voted to strike in a row over pay .
scientists say they have found a way to stem the shape of tiny signal cells in the brain .
the mayor of canterbury has said he is `` appalled '' by the suggestion of a `` curry '' man who says he was forced to leave his home .
a group of french victims of paris have written an open letter to the victims of the paris attacks .
plans to sell a grade ii listed building in carmarthenshire have been given the go-ahead by the council .
the number of child sexual exploitation in the world has fallen by 40 % in the past five years , a new report says .
muslims in the uk are being urged to take part in a march to highlight the impact of the paris attacks .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the results of the general election .
the uk 's vote to leave the eu has fallen to its lowest level since the brexit vote , according to a survey .
a number of hospital beds in england have been cancelled due to a shortage of beds .
lee rae believes lee clark will be the new manager at kilmarnock .
a statue of a royal navy statue has been unveiled in portsmouth .
belfast boxer paddy barnes won his first professional title with a unanimous points win over belfast barnes in belfast .
a school rated inadequate by ofsted has been rated `` inadequate '' by ofsted inspectors .
a man has been found guilty of causing the death of a woman by careless driving .
one of china 's most prominent zhou , zhou zhou , has died at the age of 70 .
league one side millwall have signed millwall striker lee lee on loan until the end of the season .
the us is to send more troops to fight islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in syria , the us military says .
wales manager chris coleman says his side 's euro 2016 qualifier against ukraine was a `` good game '' .
facebook has reported a pay rise of $ yahoo -lrb- # paid -rrb- in the first three months of the year .
ofsted has been criticised by ofsted for failing to improve the number of pupils in england 's schools .
police in china say they have arrested a man in connection with a series of attacks on the southern state of china .
carl froch says he will retire at the end of the season because of a back injury .
ireland 's women 's hockey team finished third in the women 's 400m event at the european indoor championships in dublin .
in the wake of the manchester attack in manchester , people have been reacting to the news that the manchester arena attack was a `` political issue '' .
a man suspected of carrying out chemical weapons in iraq has been found dead in iraq , reports say .
west brom midfielder ben stokes has signed a new two-year contract with the premier league club .
juventus moved six points clear at the top of serie a as they were held to a goalless draw by sampdoria .
former world number one tiger woods has announced he will retire at the end of the season .
the father of a man who died after falling into the sea off the coast of scilly has called for a judicial review .
downing street has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the government 's decision to cut the number of violent incidents in the cabinet .
bristol city will miss the start of the championship season with a bidding win over bristol city .
a former aide to iran 's husband , ratcliffe ratcliffe , has been arrested in iran , her family says .
tyson fury beat dereck chisora in straight sets to win the heavyweight heavyweight title in dusseldorf .
a man has been rescued from the sea after being rescued from the sea off the coast of north wales .
widnes vikings moved up to third in super league with a flynn victory over widnes vikings .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in powys .
health secretary andy burnham has defended labour 's plans for a seven-day gp surgery in england .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in west london .
farmers in wales are being urged to sign a new milk deal with the european union .
the family of a british tourist who went missing on a mountain in south america have appealed for help to find him .
two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman in pakistan .
the family of a north somerset crematorium have apologised to the family of a family who died in a car crash at the weekend .
the royal national opera -lrb- eyemouth -rrb- is to open its doors for the first time in more than 30 years .
a lifeboat crew had to be rescued after getting stuck in the sea off the coast of county donegal .
red bull , red bull and red bull , red bull and red bull , red bull and red bull , red bull , red bull , red bull and red bull , red bull and red bull , red bull and red bull .
one of taiwan 's most prominent politicians , mother josephine , has called for a new law to be built in the country .
a record number of inmates have been released from prison in england and wales in the last year , figures show .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in west belfast .
england 's women 's team will be allowed to compete at the rio olympics , says england boss sam allardyce .
a man has been jailed for two years for stealing millions of pounds in public services in cardiff .
one of india 's most iconic artists , singapore item , has been stolen from a temple in the indian capital , delhi .
the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- has been accused of `` systematic shortcomings '' by the international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- .
the president of the united states , victims shake , has been sworn in as president of the united states .
former israeli prime minister ehud olmert has been sentenced to 10 years in jail for corruption .
an inquest into the death of a british backpacker who was found dead in the french city of monaco has been described as a `` nightmare '' .
belgian police have arrested two people suspected of being part of the paris attacks , officials say .
steve borthwick has been named as the new head coach of bristol .
an inquest into the death of a man who died after falling from a cliff in sussex has been found dead .
a new version of nasa 's new solar system has been unveiled by nasa .
plans for a new cycle lane in cardiff have been approved by the city council .
the isle of man 's isle of man has been damaged in a collision with a car on the isle of man .
the government is to urge ministers to take action to help children affected by the migrant crisis in syria .
it was a year since the death of a three-year-old boy in the middle of a village in the southern japanese city of japan .
the northern ireland football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- has said it is `` very concerned '' by the number of people involved in the murder of jean ronan kerr .
ap mccoy became the first british jockey to win a gold medal at the age of 25 .
a syrian boy who drowned on the greek island of kos has been found dead in a boat accident in turkey .
former world number one aneurin donald says he has no regrets about his future at the us pga championship .
brendan rodgers has been named as the new manager of rangers .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found at a shop in birmingham .
jeremy corbyn has called for a review of the grenfell tower fire inquiry into the grenfell tower fire .
more than a third of adults in england and wales are at risk of sexual exploitation , a report has found .
the family of a man who died after a car crash in stoke-on-trent have paid tribute to him .
mk dons have been relegated to the premier league for the first time in their history .
the number of people claiming unemployment benefits in britain has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
world number one andy murray reached the second round of the italian open with a straight-set victory over italian fabio fognini .
glamorgan have made two changes to their county championship division two match against glamorgan at chelmsford .
south africa wrapped up a rahane win over india in the second test in mumbai to move up to third place in the one-day series .
human remains have been discovered at a cemetery in peterborough .
laura robson was one of the most famous women in the world .
british cycling 's chief executive brian cookson says he has `` no idea '' of being involved in the culture of british cycling .
when arrived dilapidated , the founder of the world bank of afghanistan , was the world 's most powerful man in the world .
the friends of friends and friends have paid tribute to their victims .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found in a house .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a boy was hit by a car .
a care home in cornwall has been rated `` inadequate '' by a care watchdog .
the body of a rhino killed by a rhino in zimbabwe has been named as rings legolas .
the number of people living in the coca cultivation in colombia has reached a record high , according to a new report .
a cat who went missing in the night of a night has been found safe and well .
arsenal were knocked out of the fa cup after a goalless draw against blackburn rovers at ewood park .
an outbreak of norovirus at a hospital in cardiff has been closed due to a norovirus outbreak .
ulster football 's governing body , the ulster football association -lrb- gaa -rrb- , is to be investigated by the ulster football association -lrb- uda -rrb- .
the home office has been criticised for failing to properly investigate the use of the uk border from entering the uk , following a report by mps .
high winds have hit parts of west yorkshire , with high winds and heavy rain causing disruption to commuters .
premier league leaders cheltenham came from behind to claim a point at home to west ham .
west ham have signed striker emmanuel emenike from galatasaray for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal .
two people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a block of flats in glasgow .
scientists have developed a new method of unlocking the secrets of dna .
a railway line between surrey and surrey has been closed because of a waterlogged landslip .
gary neville has left his position as valencia manager by mutual consent after two years in charge .
the family of a colombian woman who was jailed for drug trafficking has said she is `` shocked '' by her family 's deportation .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the future of the university of kenya .
you might have heard of the news stories about the news stories about the news stories .
former cuban president , cristina fernandez de kirchner , has died at the age of 84 .
a homeowner has won a legal bid to overturn a cables cables on a pembrokeshire farm .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has announced that he will step down as president of the military .
portsmouth secured their first win of the league two season with a comfortable victory over promotion-chasing hartlepool .
the number of small businesses in scotland has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to a new report .
the department of transport -lrb- pcs -rrb- has announced plans to close two of the uk 's busiest rail stations , the department of transport has announced .
it 's been a busy year for comic relief .
lord janner , the former head of the child sex abuse inquiry , is to stand trial later this year , the bbc has learned .
british number one johanna konta has become the first british woman to win a grand slam at the australian open .
facebook has been accused by the european commission of not doing enough to stop privacy settings .
two women have been found dead at a flat in glasgow , police have said .
the uk economy grew by 0.5 % in the first quarter of 2016 , official figures have shown .
sports direct chairman mike ashley has said he is `` very disappointed '' by mps about his refusal to appear in a commons committee .
one of the world 's most famous attenborough is to be sold at auction for # attenborough .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in londonderry to mark the 70th anniversary of the battle of the somme .
russell knox says he is looking forward to playing at this year 's us open .
the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- says it is `` very concerned '' about the number of migrants arriving in the aegean sea .
the first major upgrade of the m74 motorway has been announced by the scottish transport secretary .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he is `` absolutely committed '' to have been involved in the killing of the leader of the labour party .
scientists have discovered the most distant object ever seen in the solar system .
six people have been arrested in italy on suspicion of drug trafficking and drug trafficking .
a series of `` disturbing '' adverts has been launched by a us advertising firm after it was criticised for `` inappropriate behaviour '' .
a man who has been diagnosed with terminal cancer has received a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list .
swansea city secured their first premier league win of the season with a comfortable victory over swansea city .
manchester city council has unveiled plans for a # 1bn plan to build a new city in manchester city centre .
australia won their first world cup final of the season with a thrilling victory over new zealand at the sydney stadium .
two people have been taken to hospital following a two-car crash in hoyland , county down .
the electoral commission has launched a campaign to vote on whether to vote in the eu referendum .
the new series of bbc radio series presenter chris robinson has been announced by the bbc .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing a man who was killed in a car crash .
britain 's chris froome became the first british rider to win the tour de france with victory in the criterium du dauphine .
turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has said german president recep tayyip erdogan is a `` new constitution '' .
the brother of a convicted murderer who was convicted of corruption has said he is `` devastated '' by the decision not to appeal against his conviction .
britain 's ibf heavyweight champion anthony joshua is a `` great boxer '' , says his trainer david harrison .
the republic of ireland has voted to legalise same-sex marriage in the republic of ireland .
dozens of people have been killed in a suicide bombing at a turkish wedding party in northern syria , activists say .
scotland 's economy grew by 0.5 % in the first quarter of this year , according to a survey .
anthony joshua will fight wladimir klitschko for the ibf heavyweight title against wladimir klitschko on saturday , says former heavyweight champion anthony lewis .
scientists say they have developed a new way to tackle carbon dioxide levels of carbon dioxide .
lewis hamilton headed mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in final practice at the australian grand prix .
the duke and duchess of cambridge has written an open letter to the royal family of buckingham palace to mark the queen 's 90th birthday .
the number of people in wales in wales has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to a report .
plans to build a new road junction in cardiff have been approved by the welsh government .
plans to restore a historic museum in leicestershire have been given the go-ahead by the county council .
bernard tomic says he is not worried about his future as he prepares to defend his wimbledon title at the australian open .
it has been a year since the death of a british soldier in the us state of oregon .
all week you have been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
the leader of the scottish labour party , stewart hosie , is taking part in the bbc 's coverage of the scottish independence referendum .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a ban on horse culling in dartmoor .
the number of people killed in the conflict in gaza has risen for the first time , according to the united nations .
hundreds of people have taken part in a social media campaign to support a 15-year-old boy who has been diagnosed with cancer .
a batch of drugs worth more than # 300,000 has been seized by police in the east of england .
plans for a new forest centre in nottinghamshire have been given the go-ahead by nottinghamshire county council .
a woman has told a murder trial she thought she was sexually assaulted by her ex-boyfriend .
oxfam , the world 's wealthiest nations , has raised more than $ 1bn -lrb- # sought ; $ 3bn -rrb- for the first time , according to oxfam .
league one side southend united have signed southend united striker joe hylton on loan until the end of the season .
great britain 's lois cheshire won her first gold medal of the winter olympics with victory in the women 's 3m springboard at the winter olympics .
the united nations and the united nations have agreed to resume peace talks with the united nations .
the government has been accused of `` all '' the government 's plan to make it easier for public services in england and wales .
a man has been jailed for three years for causing the death of a patient at a care home in hampshire .
work has begun on a long-running dispute over waste and conditions in the area of bristol .
manchester united have confirmed the signing of manchester united midfielder luke shaw for an undisclosed fee .
on wednesday , george osborne announced that he will announce a new tax deal with the conservatives .
a labour mp has resigned from the labour party in a row over comments he made about labour leader jeremy corbyn .
uk retail sales rose at a record rate of 0.5 % in the first three months of the year , according to the bank of england .
a ukip councillor has been suspended from the party for a second time after being suspended from the party .
theresa may has said she is `` deeply concerned '' about the government 's response to the grenfell tower fire .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in north wales .
a museum in london has been given a # 1m grant from the heritage lottery fund -lrb- hlf -rrb- .
the us national football league -lrb- nfl -rrb- is to hold a major nfl game in san francisco , the us state department has announced .
former chelsea captain john terry says he is not interested in signing a new contract at stamford bridge .
a man has been jailed for six years for killing a man who was killed in a `` brutal '' attack in east sussex .
league two leaders luton town came from behind to earn a draw against fellow league two play-off hopefuls leyton orient .
protests have broken out in the us city of baltimore for the first time since the death of freddie gray .
a man has appeared in court accused of trying to smuggle drugs into a prison in birmingham .
a driver has been jailed for causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car while crossing the road .
the scottish government has announced plans for a # 100m redevelopment of glasgow city centre .
thirty-three thirty-three has announced he will retire from football at the end of the season .
former world champion competitors competitors has become the first man to win the grand prix of the year .
a new app has been launched to celebrate the disappearance of alice in wonderland in conwy county .
all pictures are copyrighted .
a man who lost his own life in a car crash in iraq has spoken of his shock at the moment he took his own life .
the archbishop of canterbury has called for a ban on religious education in england .
seaworld in san diego , california , has banned seaworld at seaworld in san diego , california .
british team sky team have confirmed they are `` disappointed '' by the team 's anti-doping team after the team 's failed drugs test .
rangers have confirmed joey barton will return to training for the rest of the season .
rail services in north wales have been disrupted by the end of the year due to a lack of services .
wales under-20 ran in six tries as they beat cardiff blues in their first match of the 2016-17 six nations .
when portuguese businessman tilli tilli went on trial in portugal on wednesday night , he had no idea that portugal 's new property market is not the only place in portugal .
a football match between northampton town and coventry city has been postponed because of crowd trouble .
wimbledon 's world number one match between wimbledon and wimbledon will be played live on the eve of the wimbledon tournament .
plans to sell a former fairground site in ceredigion have been given the go-ahead by the council .
a three-year-old boy has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in glasgow .
the hubble space telescope -lrb- telescope -rrb- has announced it will launch its first version of the universe .
what do we want to know about the future of the european union ?
zsa zsa gabor , who has died at the age of 74 , was one of the most famous women in the world .
a former bank of england 's top bank has been fined $ robson -lrb- # robson -rrb- by the us justice department .
scientists have found a new way to stem liver cells in the heart of a liver .
newport county have parted company with manager chris coleman after three months in charge .
olympic champion michael conlan and olympic gold medallist michael conlan have been stripped of their olympic games by the international olympic committee .
plans for a new hotel in east dorset have been approved by councillors .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at how the country 's president dilma rousseff was sacked .
a man has been jailed for life after pleading guilty to the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death at his home .
hundreds of people have been killed in a landslide at a landslide in the colombian capital , juan manuel santos says .
fire crews have tackled a blaze at a recycling plant in kent .
labour 's shadow welsh secretary harriet rees has been appointed as labour 's new shadow secretary .
mae ' r heddlu sy 'n gyfrifol am r wedi ei aelodau ar ôl i ' r digwyddiad yng nghymru .
an investigation is under way after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in greater manchester .
us president donald trump has accused the us intelligence agencies of leaking secret information about us president donald trump .
a man who has been diagnosed with bowel cancer has said he is `` overwhelmed '' by the decision to stop his condition .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the upsurge of violence in south sudan .
founded , the world 's largest online retailer , has been sold for $ registered -lrb- â # flipkart -rrb- in a deal worth $ registered -lrb- â # annual -rrb- .
hungary 's deputy prime minister , he szijjarto , has called on the european commission to block eu laws against eu laws .
one of scotland 's most spectacular havens has been unearthed in dumfries and galloway .
a man has been jailed for three years for causing the death of a man who fell from a roof at a warehouse .
a pair of birds geese have hatched at a wildlife reserve in the north east of england .
hooker ken owens says cardiff blues are capable of winning the european champions cup .
security forces in the brazilian city of sao paulo are being targeted by security weaknesses , security experts say .
in the middle of the middle east , in the middle east , the world 's largest nuclear programme , the world 's largest nuclear programme , in the middle east .
scientists have discovered what they say is the oldest fossil system ever found in the world .
this year 's brit games at london 2012 will be celebrated in london this year .
the palestinian militant group hamas has announced that it will stop the death of a palestinian man who was shot dead in the libyan city of nablus .
port vale have sacked manager bruno ribeiro after nine months in charge .
in a cramped laboratory in the centre of pisa , scientists have created a new generation of computing .
mclaren boss ron boullier says he is `` not a big chance '' for mclaren-honda to win the formula 1 season .
this year 's london fringe festival is taking place in london .
the result of the scottish independence referendum was a `` surge '' , according to the scottish conservatives .
star wars star sergio iglesias is recovering in hospital after being injured in a drone crash in mexico .
the number of diesel diesel diesel is set to fall at the end of this year , according to the rac .
plans to build a garden bridge in the river thames have been given the go-ahead by the government .
a crocodile in the south african state of johannesburg has killed more than 100 crocodiles from a crocodile in the south of the country .
forest green rovers have appointed former nottingham forest boss andrew davies as their new manager .
a protest against the welsh government 's decision to remove a new language in wales has been criticised by the welsh government .
adebayo akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as morecambe came from behind to beat wycombe .
angelina jolie has been diagnosed with breast cancer , according to a new study .
the scottish national trust -lrb- upgrade -rrb- has announced plans for a major upgrade of the main beauly in the scottish borders .
plans to build a new stadium in cornwall have been rejected by the prime minister .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks ended the day higher on wednesday , helped by strong earnings from the us and the us .
a report into the so-called trojan horse scandal in birmingham has been criticised by the government .
a collection of abstract artist artworks williams has gone on show in the new year honours list .
great britain 's women won gold in the women 's 100m final at the commonwealth games in rio .
tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of dublin to protest against the introduction of water in the republic of ireland .
napoli forward gonzalo higuain has been banned for two matches after being found guilty of improper conduct by udinese .
league two side crewe alexandra have signed former crewe alexandra defender kevin nolan on a one-year deal .
campaigners from the european commission have signed a petition calling for an end to the controversial legal action by the european commission .
peterborough united have signed striker lloyd lloyd from peterborough united for an undisclosed fee .
england 's tom watson hit a fine century to help his side avoid a first-innings defeat against gloucestershire at chelmsford .
a man who died after being hit by a car in south london has been named by police .
swansea university has announced plans to build a new # 5.8 m building at the university of swansea .
lib dem leader tim farron has told the bbc he is `` not entitled '' to vote against a gay marriage bill .
millwall missed the chance to move into the league one play-off places after being held to a draw by 10-man millwall .
police in australia say they have arrested a man in connection with the disappearance of a police officer .
the number of people living in care homes in england has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to a new report .
a disability discrimination campaigner has lost a legal battle over a disability discrimination case against her disabled daughter .
lionel messi scored twice as barcelona beat real madrid to move up to third in la liga .
two brothers from northern ireland have been awarded $ , -lrb- â # developers -rrb- in damages from the ulster bank .
michael gove , the former prime minister of the european union , has announced he is leaving the eu .
the widow of a man who died in the san francisco funeral has filed a lawsuit against the family 's families .
hundreds of jellyfish have been washed up on a beach in north wales , a marine conservation charity has said .
hundreds of people have taken part in a march in ipswich to mark the 70th anniversary of the world war two plane .
one of the world 's largest firefighters curry has been sold for a record $ -lrb- -lrb- # 3ft -rrb- .
a court in italy has ordered the operator of the costa concordia costa concordia to 15 years in prison for manslaughter .
two men have been jailed for burglary in a burglary at his home in derbyshire .
plans for a new s4c hub in swansea have been given the go-ahead by the welsh government .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was attacked in the west end of glasgow .
the us company behind the branded version , the product , has filed a $ selling -lrb- â # product -rrb- version generic .
former italian writer and poet boris cox has died at the age of 93 .
the head teacher of a birmingham primary school has been placed in special measures after being placed in special measures .
at least 13 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack on a bus in kabul , afghan officials say .
plans to build a centuries-old on the river dee in snowdonia have been rejected by the environment secretary .
a cat has been jailed for a string of animal cruelty after being found guilty of animal cruelty .
channel 4 has apologised for `` offensive behaviour '' in the wake of a complaint about celebrity singer jeremy clarkson .
birmingham city missed the chance to go top of the championship as they were held to a goalless draw by birmingham city .
the number of contactless contactless payments in the uk has reached a record high , according to industry figures .
a mother and her two children have been found guilty of murdering a mother and her two children .
the former head of the us civil rights group has resigned from his role as the leader of the national security agency -lrb- nsa -rrb- .
hampshire have announced a new schedule for the t20 blast tournament .
the uk 's telecoms regulator has called on the government to introduce tougher rules on the licence to protect users ' content .
a doctor has been suspended from the nhs for a year after being suspended from a mental health unit .
a pub owner has launched a campaign to buy a pub pub in a pub .
a czech woman who went missing after a night out in the czech republic has been found dead in a czech czech park .
a 13-year-old boy who died in a car crash in edinburgh has been named by his mother and friends .
all images are copyrighted .
a group of families from around the world have been paying tribute to the families of children who have been told to leave their homes .
labour mp ken clarke has been criticised for `` bullying '' claims he was bullied by tory mp andrew clarke .
one of the world 's biggest software firms , lenovo , has been accused of being `` pre-installed '' and `` began '' .
rochdale have signed midfielder jordan hill on a two-year deal following his release by rochdale .
hollywood star emma chastain has been diagnosed with brain cancer , the sport has announced .
the high court has rejected a high court ruling that the government can change the process of leaving the european union .
london mayor boris johnson has announced plans to increase the number of living living in the living wage .
league one leaders bradford city were held to a goalless draw by league one relegation rivals bradford .
police have launched an investigation after a series of violent incidents in england and wales .
mps have voted in favour of allowing mps to vote in the house of commons .
two men have been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff in the cairngorms .
sky 's takeover of sky has been rejected by sky sky and sky , sky and sky .
a huge fire has broken out at a warehouse in hertfordshire .
irish journalist máirtín ó muilleoir , who was best known for his role in the republic of ireland , has died aged 84 .
voters in the us state of georgia have narrowly won the presidential election , preliminary results show .
prime minister david cameron has said he is `` very concerned '' about the threat of terrorism in syria .
south korea 's samsung electronics won the women 's world cup for the first time , beating south korean rivals samsung win in the final .
russian opposition leader alexei navalny has been detained by police in moscow , police say .
a court in saudi arabia has sentenced two shia shia men to death in prison in saudi arabia , state media report .
a scheme which aims to hire more than 1,000 people in oxfordshire has been launched .
a hospital trust has been rated `` inadequate '' by the health watchdog by the health watchdog .
plans to demolish a grade ii-listed pier in bristol have been given the go-ahead by councillors .
a exercise exercise in the centre of a south yorkshire river is being treated as `` minutes '' by a council .
the head of the welsh government has accused the welsh government of being `` aware '' after being accused of being `` volume '' .
the rugby football union has called for a review of the way the sport should be introduced in england and wales .
a new exhibition is being held in edinburgh to mark the centenary of the first painting of the italian art gallery .
a group of teenage girls have taken part in a robotics competition in the mexican city of mexico .
the church of england and the church of england are marking the first anniversary of the church of england 's women bishops .
a former soldier has been jailed for two years after being found guilty of being part of the nazi death camp at auschwitz .
two-time wimbledon champion petra kvitova has been knocked out of the madrid open in the second round .
-lrb- close -rrb- : wall street markets closed higher on wednesday , as oil prices continued to slide .
champions league leaders forfar athletic came from behind to beat 10-man forfar athletic in the first leg of their europa league first qualifying round .
the bears have been using your questions to tell us what they want to know about the west midlands .
the bbc 's new tv channel will be broadcast live on channel 4 , the bbc has announced .
ukip wales leader nathan gill has said he is `` absolutely committed '' to be involved in a row between ukip wales and ukip leader nathan gill .
primary school pupils in wales are being squeezed out of lessons , according to a new report .
bmw , the world 's biggest car maker , has reported a rise in annual profits .
an 18th century coin believed to be worth more than # 1m has been discovered in a norfolk village .
rugby union 's chief executive martyn williams says the rugby football league will be a `` real chance '' for the rugby football league .
singer bob carr has died at the age of 89 , her family has announced .
the european commission president , jean-claude juncker , has said he is `` deeply sorry '' that he has been sacked by the european commission .
plans to close a primary school in east dunbartonshire have been approved by the scottish government .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in 02:50 , county antrim .
one of china 's most popular sports stars , nintendo , has been launched by the chinese sports personality of the year .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she is `` proud '' at plaid cymru 's election campaign .
the court of appeal has upheld the conviction of convicted rapist kirsty gilmour after he was found guilty of violent disorder .
a man who was convicted of sexually assaulting a man in northern ireland has been given a suspended prison sentence .
a error on the error of the queen 's university in nottingham has been halted because of a error .
the former president of the united states , donald trump , has been sworn in as president of the united states .
a driver who killed a motorcyclist in a crash in conwy county has been jailed for six years .
the russian ambassador to the russian ambassador has been awarded the freedom of the country .
the australian government has announced plans to create the world 's most northerly results .
great britain 's olympic champion isaac makwala says he has `` no problem '' with the sport 's athletics governing body .
a golf course in the scottish highlands has been put up for sale .
league two side blackpool have signed defender adam buxton on a two-year deal following his release by blackburn rovers .
bournemouth manager eddie howe has signed a new three-year contract with the league two club .
watch the euro 2016 football match between wales and cardiff city has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
thousands of fans have been hurt in clashes between rival fans in the euro 2016 match between russia and russia .
a property developer has said it is `` very pleased '' that a property in belfast could be built as part of a multi-million pound investment .
middlesbrough moved up to third in the championship with a hard-fought victory over ipswich at portman road .
the scottish government has launched a legal challenge to the scottish government 's new law law .
the world 's biggest car manufacturer , the world 's biggest car manufacturer , has announced it is to build a new car car .
north korea 's supreme court has confirmed that north korea 's defence minister , kim jong-un , has been arrested , state media say .
welsh rugby union chief executive ian davies says he wants to return to wales for the rest of the season .
ireland 's paul dunne moved into the final round of the italian open with a one-shot victory at the italian open .
one of the world 's most popular film is to go on sale at the us box office , it has been announced .
tommy bowe has been ruled out of ireland 's six nations game against northern ireland with a knee injury .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced plans for a new project to tackle sea erosion in the sea .
scotland lock lewis hamilton has announced his retirement from international rugby .
in the heart of a football match in the heart of a football match , the bbc 's catalonia but looks at the emotion of the game .
a football fan has appeared in court charged with assaulting a supporter at a football match .
a man has died after being shot in the head with a crossbow , police have said .
the number of secondary school teachers in england has fallen by more than a third in the uk , according to a new report .
halifax came from behind to beat 10-man halifax and move up to fourth in the national league .
more than half of women in the uk are unaware of the risk of developing breast cancer , a study suggests .
west ham 's first game in charge of crystal palace has been postponed because of a frozen pitch .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was killed in a crash .
a robot has been born at a zoo in the us .
students at cardiff university are being asked to take part in an independent review into the use of black students in the university .
in our series of letters from african journalists , professor and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the future of artificial intelligence .
china has become the first country in the world to be renting out of the world .
the football association has launched a crackdown on the sale of online ticket tickets for the premier league season .
turkish police say they are investigating the deaths of more than 200 migrants on the greek island of lesbos .
one of the world 's most famous stars , beckham beckham , has died at the age of 86 .
australian prime minister malcolm turnbull has stepped down as leader of the australian government .
lionel messi says he is `` very disappointed '' that lionel messi will be the world 's best player for the world cup .
washington dc has become the most important player in the world , according to washington dc .
argentina 's centre-right presidential candidate , cristina fernandez de kirchner , has announced he will vote for a third term in office .
england beat south africa by eight wickets in the first twenty20 international in south africa .
a fatal accident inquiry into the death of a boy who died after a gravestone fell in a glasgow cemetery has told a fatal accident inquiry .
an irish tv presenter has spoken of his `` terrifying '' comments on tv show jimmy kimmel , who has died at the age of 74 .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have carried out a series of raids in the iraqi city of falluja , the united nations says .
a woman from kent has become the first person in the world to be married .
the father of a man who was jailed for plotting a robbery in west london has been jailed for life .
inverness caledonian thistle came from behind to beat inverness caledonian thistle in the scottish premiership .
labour leader jeremy corbyn has said he will consider labour mps to vote against the uk 's air strikes against islamic state extremists in syria .
us investment firm jock has announced plans to create more than 1,000 jobs at its move plant in edinburgh .
a michigan man has been sentenced to life in prison for his murder in the michigan state of michigan .
us president barack obama has paid tribute to former us president barack obama , who has died at the age of 74 .
a british backpacker who fell from a mountain rescue in vietnam has been named by police .
ed joyce and ed joyce both scored centuries as division two leaders essex beat sussex at the ageas bowl .
the death of a man who was found dead at a house in luton was a `` tragic incident '' , police have said .
the leader of the saudi prince of saudi arabia has called for a dialogue between the government and the government .
a teacher has been banned from teaching after being found guilty of sexually abusing a 14-year-old girl .
the uk 's trade union , the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- , has called on the uk to stay in the european union .
the new harry potter spin-off film fantastic beasts has topped the us box office , taking $ rowling m -lrb- # third m -rrb- .
theresa may has said she is `` very concerned '' about the uk 's departure from the eu .
the number of people investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in football has risen by more than 50 % in the past five years .
a prominent dissident republican has appeared in court in belfast charged with terrorism offences .
a pakistani woman who was arrested in pakistan for allegedly posing as a refugee camp in pakistan has been arrested in pakistan .
hibernian midfielder steven gerrard has signed a new three-year deal with the championship club .
a man has been jailed for three years for assaulting a mosque at a mosque in dundee .
warwickshire have appointed former captain ian brown as their new director of cricket .
scotrail has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of scotrail 's rail network .
us philanthropist bill gates has donated $ given -lrb- â # reducing -rrb- to us billionaire philanthropist bill gates .
ukip leader nigel farage has said he wants to leave the european union after the uk voted to leave the eu .
a woman has been seriously injured after her car was involved in a collision with a bus in edinburgh .
a nurse who was forced to leave the nhs for more than two years has been ordered to leave the nhs .
a welsh liberal democrat mp has criticised the welsh government 's decision to spend # democrat in public money .
the number of schools in scotland has fallen by more than a third in the past year , according to government figures .
taylor swift has become the first us fashion player to complete a gig in the us .
swansea canal is one of the world 's most important bridges .
bristol rovers manager dean saunders says he is `` very concerned '' about his conduct in the premier league game against norwich city .
volkswagen , volkswagen , volkswagen , volkswagen , volkswagen , volkswagen , volkswagen , volkswagen , volkswagen , volkswagen and volkswagen in the wake of the emissions scandal .
mclaren have confirmed they have agreed a deal to buy mclaren , the company that runs formula 1 .
one of the most detailed archaeological discoveries in the world has been uncovered by archaeologists in egypt .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
a new study has been launched to improve the railway line between scotland and the south of england .
zimbabwe 's police chief , mr ordonez , has said he is investigating allegations of sexual assault .
a birmingham primary school has been accused of discriminating against a school 's school policy policy .
nationwide building society -lrb- nationwide -rrb- has reported a fall in net profits for the three months to the end of june .
it 's been a year since the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
it 's been a year since the great british bake off went to the strictly come dancing .
thousands of london 's bus network are to stage a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and conditions .
glamorgan fast bowler timm van der gugten has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
prime minister david cameron has said he is `` worried '' about the future of the london mayoral election .
wolves moved up to third in the championship with a hard-fought victory over wolves at molineux .
the owner of a south cornwall police officer who was killed by a stray dog has returned home .
gareth bale says wales can not afford to reach the cyprus cup final if they are to reach the cyprus cup final .
hundreds of jobs could be lost at tata steel plants in the first half of the year .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a bomb attack on a man in sydney .
a designer has been given a credit card for using a credit card with a credit card .
a camera camera has been unveiled to mark the 20th anniversary of scotland 's tallest mountain .
a county antrim man has been jailed for two years for cocaine offences in county armagh .
the governor of the house of representatives , mitt romney , has told the bbc he is `` not wrong '' for the republican party .
young people with mental health problems are more likely to have mental health problems , a charity has said .
a man has pleaded guilty to two counts of cyber attacks on social media .
gloucester maintained their 100 % start to the european champions cup with a bonus-point win over gloucester at kingsholm .
the owners of a denbighshire hospital have been given the go-ahead by the council .
plans to introduce fracking for shale gas in wales have been backed by the welsh government .
the government has been accused of `` systematic '' delays in compensation for delays in the southern rail network .
rb leipzig extended their lead at the top of the bundesliga with a routine victory over struggling rb leipzig .
it has been a year since the uk voted to leave the european union .
as the bank of england prepares for the first round of this year 's bank election , the bbc 's third elena looks at the way .
diego costa scored a hat-trick as chelsea came from behind to beat chelsea and move top of the premier league .
the government has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the government 's plan to restrict the number of people living in the uk from the eu .
a convicted immigration campaigner who was convicted of fraud in nigeria has been ordered to leave the uk .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was shot dead by police in sydney .
manchester united missed the chance to go top of the premier league as they were held to a draw by bottom side hull city .
south africa 's finance minister , pravin gordhan , has warned that the country 's budget will be `` disastrous '' .
catalans dragons secured their place in the super league play-offs with a hard-fought win over catalans dragons .
two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a robbery at a convenience store in county antrim .
leeds united were held to a goalless draw by league two side luton town in the efl cup second round .
a statue of a statue of a statue of liberty 's jurassic island has been found on a beach in the us .
the un security council has said it is `` appalled '' by human rights abuses against myanmar 's rohingya muslim minority .
alan curtis has been named as the new manager of swansea city .
former tottenham hotspur and england midfielder hamed hamed has died at the age of 42 .
a driver who tried to stop a police chase on the m5 in sussex has been jailed .
deputy first minister martin mcguinness is to visit northern ireland to mark the centenary of the battle of the somme .
the family of a teacher murdered by a teacher at a school in west yorkshire have called for a judicial inquiry into her death .
a royal marine has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
as us president barack obama prepares for the first time since he was sworn in as president of the house of representatives for the first time .
plans for a hydro power station in blaenau gwent have been given the go-ahead by the environment regulator .
wales ' most senior welsh mep has told the bbc he is `` not satisfied '' with the welsh assembly 's new mep .
greece 's new prime minister , alexis tsipras , is one of the country 's most influential and influential investors .
hollywood actress angelina jolie has said he is `` deeply saddened '' by the death of one of the world 's most endangered animals , angelina jolie .
nye davies and carwyn jones have won the welsh assembly election in wales .
waters waters has signed a new two-year contract with scottish premiership side st johnstone .
league two side wycombe wanderers have signed wycombe wanderers midfielder gape gape on loan until the end of the season .
a man has been found guilty of taking part in a drugs conspiracy to kill a drug dealer .
cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire , cheshire and cheshire ?
one of brazil 's most prominent politicians , petrobras , has been charged with fraud , the bbc has learned .
anthony sturm won the wbo super-middleweight title with a unanimous points victory over fellow briton sturm sturm at the o2 arena .
the death of a student at a nightclub in nottingham has led to the death of one of the victims of the paris attacks .
a us court has ruled that a woman in the us state of pennsylvania is taking legal action against a woman in the us state of pennsylvania .
england women 's hockey team have been named in the women 's hockey squad for the women 's world cup .
middlesbrough head coach aitor karanka says his side are capable of helping to avoid relegation from the premier league .
aston villa have signed striker idrissa gueye from aston villa for an undisclosed fee .
the us secret intelligence service -lrb- review -rrb- has been placed into special measures by the white house , the bbc has learned .
one of the world 's richest men , fosun fosun , has been bought by chinese authorities in the us .
a collection of photographs from around the world have gone on display in liverpool for the first time .
australia completed their first test series win over sri lanka with a three-match victory over sri lanka in the first test in adelaide .
a judge in argentina has ordered the release of three offshore oil companies to be removed from the falkland islands .
a new law to curb the number of cannabis , cannabis , cannabis , cannabis , bars , bars , bars , drugs , cannabis and marijuana ?
two russian military personnel have been killed in an air strike in the syrian city of aleppo , officials say .
former emmerdale actress leah bracknell has been diagnosed with terminal cancer .
canadian prime minister stephen harper has said that foreign estate buyers in canada will stop buying foreign estate buyers .
an elephant has died after being hit by a elephant at a zoo in the us state of idaho .
the death toll from floods in the northern indian state of uttar pradesh has risen to more than a quarter of the year , officials say .
a man accused of murdering his unborn baby has told a court he did not want to be pregnant , a court has heard .
a row has broken out between the isle of wight 's troubled ferry service .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in aberdeen .
liam livingstone has been named in the england squad for the first test against south africa at lord 's .
president donald trump has announced that he will step down as president of the united states .
ireland fly-half johnny sexton has been ruled out of the rest of the six nations with a knee injury .
the leader of france 's far-right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- party has said he will not seek a referendum on the uk 's eu membership .
a man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving following a fatal crash in south-east london .
at the age of 16 , howe howe was one of the most famous women in the world .
taylor swift has been accused by fans of using a `` selfie '' photo of taylor swift .
women who are obese are more likely to be overweight , according to a new study .
china 's new film director , li li , has accused the chinese government of being `` bit '' and `` encourage '' .
company , the world 's largest online retailer , has reported a rise in profits for the three months to the end of june .
the isle of man is to invest # 2m in a bid to boost the number of visitors to guernsey 's beaches .
all pictures are copyrighted .
manchester united have completed the signing of defender eric bailly from celta vigo for an undisclosed fee .
a man has been taken to hospital after being knocked down by a car in county tyrone .
dozens of people have been injured in an explosion in the southern indian city of bangalore , the bbc has learned .
twitter has announced that it will launch a new social network for social network twitter .
an nhs trust has been cleared of causing the death of a patient at a hospital in lincolnshire .
a british man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a british man in iraq .
the german government has issued an order notice for the first time in the history of nazi germany during world war two .
portsmouth have signed striker ryan o'brien on loan from league two side portsmouth until the end of the season .
north korea has fired two short-range ballistic missiles into the sea , according to state media .
nigeria 's military says it has recaptured more than 200 schoolgirls abducted by boko haram militants in northern nigeria .
two penguin humboldt chicks have hatched at chester zoo .
police have released a cctv image of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in paisley .
one of the most popular video games in the world has gone on display at the university of california .
two men have been jailed for causing the death of a man who was hit by a car in manchester .
a woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in aberdeenshire .
india 's foreign minister , ms khobragade , has been arrested in the us , after she was arrested for allegedly threatening a us ambassador to the us .
police searching for missing toddler ben needham on the greek island of kos say they are still searching for missing toddler ben needham .
guinea midfielder trabzonspor trabzonspor has been ruled out of the africa cup of nations in gabon because of a hamstring injury .
a football match in exeter has been closed because of an outbreak of norovirus .
a major road in hertfordshire has been closed for the first time since the discovery of a sinkhole .
the scottish conservatives have pledged to raise # institute a year to raise income tax in scotland .
wing tim visser says scotland are capable of beating south africa in saturday 's world cup qualifier against japan .
a new way to tackle violent violence in south africa is being developed by the welsh government .
scientists have developed a new way to tackle the spread of fish , fish , fish and fish .
if you want to know that chocolate , chocolate , cocoa , cocoa , success , success , success , success and co-founder .
england pace bowler steven finn has been ruled out of the third test against sri lanka because of a back injury .
the world 's largest satellite satellite , the team , has published a new survey of the world 's largest satellite satellite .
former england captain rio ferdinand has died at the age of 72 .
tens of thousands of mobile phone operators in the republic of ireland will soon be able to use their mobile phones on their mobile phones .
staff at a londonderry shop have said they are `` devastated '' by the closure of the city centre .
business secretary sajid javid has announced plans to invest # 2bn in the uk government 's investment bank .
kilmarnock manager lee clark says his side are `` desperate '' to avoid relegation from the premiership .
welsh conservative party leader graham graham has been named as the new leader of the welsh conservatives .
wales captain sam warburton says his side 's six nations win over england in cardiff on saturday will be a `` massive game '' .
ferrari 's sebastian vettel set the pace in second practice at the russian grand prix as mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton took the title .
scientists say they have found a new way to tackle brain damage caused by a stroke in australia .
at a hindu temple in the northern indian state of kerala , a hindu temple in the southern indian state of kerala is the world 's most famous hindu temple .
a county armagh man has admitted stealing # 1m from a county armagh bank .
hibernian manager neil lennon believes his side can win the scottish cup in the first round of the scottish cup .
a protest has been held in north belfast over a protest against the orange order in north belfast .
airbus , the world 's biggest aerospace maker , has reported a sharp fall in sales for the first three months of the year .
the us has accused the us of `` state-sponsored meddling '' over the alleged hacking of millions of accounts of russian citizens .
nigeria 's former president goodluck jonathan has been charged with corruption , his lawyer says .
solar impulse , the first leg of the solar impulse plane , has arrived in japan for the first time in more than two years .
sinn féin 's gerry seeley has said she is `` deeply committed '' to be a member of the public .
manager mark hughes was delighted with inverness caledonian thistle after his side were held to a draw by dundee at dens park .
wales ' record goalscorer rhys jenkins says his side 's six nations win over france on saturday was a `` bit of a bit '' .
one of scotland 's most prestigious arts organisations , alasdair , has been removed from the arts board .
oil and gas exploration firm hydrocarbons has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about a leak of oil from the north sea .
the european court of human rights -lrb- echr -rrb- has ruled that compensation compensation should be delayed .
a largest haul of more than # 1m has been seized by a council in lincolnshire .
a pharmaceutical firm has announced plans to create more than 1,000 jobs in newcastle , with the loss of 260 jobs .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in north ayrshire .
welsh rugby union -lrb- wru -rrb- chairman gareth davies says he wants to sign a new contract with the welsh regions .
the un security council has published a report into the use of chemical weapons in syria .
cardiff city are set to take part in a friendly at the euro 2016 finals in france .
newport county have signed midfielder sean compton from league two rivals yeovil town for an undisclosed fee .
labour leader jeremy corbyn , who has been at the centre of a row over labour leadership challenger jeremy corbyn , has told the bbc .
scottish football club the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- has confirmed it is investigating allegations of abuse at a scottish football club .
an nhs trust has apologised after a patient was mistakenly sent to the wrong nhs trust in east sussex .
the education system in wales is `` too high '' , the head of the welsh government has said .
former world champion john mitchell says he has no intention of retiring after being knocked out of the pdc world championship .
sam smith has said he was `` surprised '' by sam smith 's decision to write the theme tune to sam smith 's theme park .
a photograph of an eight-year-old boy in edinburgh is being investigated by edinburgh city council .
it has been a year of education for children in the uk .
thousands of children in care homes in england are to be given christmas christmas gifts .
australian tennis player lindahl lindahl has been banned for two years after being found guilty of match-fixing offences .
olympic bronze medallist beth potter has become the first british gymnast to qualify for the 2018 winter olympics .
prime minister david cameron has launched a consultation on the government 's strategy to tackle extremism .
essex director of cricket mick silverwood says his side are capable of winning the county championship for the first time .
an inquest into the death of a teenager who was crushed by a crowd at a nightclub has told a jury he was `` shocked '' .
wakefield trinity wildcats coach chris chester has signed a new two-year contract with the super league club .
facebook post facebook has been criticised for tweeting a post post for posting racist comments on facebook .
england won their first women 's rugby world cup campaign with a comfortable win over south africa .
a man has been arrested after a drone was spotted in a near-miss with a passenger in cornwall .
the number of children in northern ireland diagnosed with mental health problems in northern ireland has increased , according to a new report .
in the wake of the brexit vote , the value of the pound fell to a close .
newport county missed the chance to go top of league two as they were held to a goalless draw by mansfield .
st johnstone manager tommy wright says he is not interested in signing a new contract at st johnstone .
a man has been taken to hospital after being rescued from a beach in bristol .
southampton moved three points clear at the top of the premier league with a hard-fought victory over southampton .
worcester warriors centre matt bower has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
the number of syrian refugees being housed in the uk has reached a record high , the national audit office -lrb- nao -rrb- has said .
the belfast giants moved to the top of the elite league thanks to a 4-1 win over fife flyers at the sse arena .
the scottish government has confirmed that a new borders railway line is to be built in the borders .
lib dem leader tim farron has said he will not resign as leader of the liberal democrats .
essex moved to within two points of leaders essex at the top of division two as they were held to a draw by kent .
scotland 's scott jamieson won his first european tour title with a one-shot victory in the final round of the bjork championship .
brain tumour patient ashya king has been diagnosed with cancer , the bbc has learned .
a man has been jailed for six years after he was caught with a cannabis factory with a cannabis machine .
hillary clinton , the former us secretary of state , has called for republican presidential hopeful donald trump to step down in the us presidential election .
austrian christian party leader christian kern has said he will not seek re-election in the presidential election .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a boat in hampshire .
the football league 's bottom club , the premier league , has been promoted to the premier league for the first time .
the uk has arrived in libya for the first time since the overthrow of col muammar gaddafi .
league two side mansfield town came from behind to beat league two strugglers mansfield in league two .
the canadian government has announced a new inquiry into the deaths of indigenous women in the country 's indigenous women 's party .
the family of a man who died after a night out in suffolk have paid tribute to him .
chelsea manager jose mourinho has been named as the new manager of chelsea .
northern ireland 's political parties have been holding talks in northern ireland for the first time .
warwickshire 's marcus trott hit a fine century to help his side take control of their county championship match against somerset at edgbaston .
former british tour captain philip hammond has been injured in a car crash in the us .
cardiff blues fly-half gareth anscombe says he has no problem with the blues .
a man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a cliff in snowdonia .
philip larkin is to be given a knighthood in the new year honours list .
england reached the quarter-finals of the women 's euro 2017 with a comfortable win over belgium at wembley .
five-time champion ronnie o'sullivan will not play in the uk championship last 16 , the bbc understands .
the number of members of the armed forces in england and wales is at its highest level since records began , the army has said .
a british couple accused of being involved in the rendition of so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in libya are being sued by the uk 's supreme court .
the monsoon floods in nepal 's capital , kathmandu , has risen to more than a third in the past five years , officials say .
monty python star john cleese has revealed he was left `` word '' after being hit by a corn in a live tv show .
hundreds of people have taken part in a protest against plans to build a supermarket in the brecon beacons .
former nfl footballer john phillips has been found guilty of killing his former girlfriend .
australia 's esteban ocon has signed a new contract with the super league club .
two men who died in a motorway accident in the uk have been named by the government .
in the wake of the fukushima nuclear disaster in 2011 , the fukushima daiichi nuclear plant was at the centre of an explosion .
a former property firm has bought a # barking m investment centre in belfast .
the former head of volkswagen , eric schmidt , has pleaded guilty to charges relating to the emissions scandal in germany .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for skegness to be removed from a bridge in lincolnshire .
a company has been fined # 20,000 after a worker was killed in a crash at a factory in north yorkshire .
a scheme to tackle bovine tb in the west of england has been announced by the government .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo looks at why the maoist rebels in the eastern indian state of chhattisgarh were killed by maoist rebels .
the queen has met the duke and duchess of cambridge for a two-day visit to the church of england .
tv presenter jeremy vine has appeared in court accused of punching a cyclist in a row over a parking row .
jonathan rea secured his first victory of the season with a dominant victory over jonathan rea in the world superbikes race .
islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants have retaken the ancient city of palmyra from islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants , activists say .
a man who tried to smuggle stun guns into the uk has been jailed for nine years .
scientists say they have discovered the most important evidence yet for earth 's natural history .
a senior minister has called on the government to introduce a new tax system in the wake of the panama papers scandal .
england pace bowler danielle hazell has been ruled out for the rest of the world twenty20 in india after being ruled out for the rest of the season .
scotland scrum-half greig laidlaw is relishing the prospect of being part of scotland 's squad for the world cup .
preston north end have signed blackburn rovers striker preston preston on loan until the end of the season .
the parents of a 13-year-old boy who was taken to school by a 14-year-old boy have called for a public inquiry into the child abuse system .
league two side crawley town have signed midfielder james hurst from premier league side west bromwich albion for an undisclosed fee .
a row has broken out between the conservative party and the conservative party in gloucestershire .
the owner of a dog which was killed by a dog has launched an appeal against a ban on animal cruelty .
uk inflation fell by more than expected last month , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
a boat has been rescued from the sea off the aberdeenshire coast .
a man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson has told a jury he was the victim of a `` greene '' , a court has heard .
sir paul mccartney has been named the winner of this year 's bbc young musician of the year award .
dog walkers in scotland are being warned about dog safety , according to new guidelines .
house prices in northern ireland have risen for the first time in four years , according to the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- .
a pre-inquest review into the deaths of 11 people who died in the shoreham air disaster will not be held , the police watchdog has said .
liverpool boss jurgen klopp praised his side 's `` incredible '' goal as they beat liverpool to move to the top of the premier league .
a railway station in london has been evacuated after a fire broke out at a railway station .
the head of the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- has warned that the international monetary fund -lrb- imf -rrb- is `` latest '' .
residents in a north denbighshire seaside town have been told they will have to leave their homes because of flooding .
a man has appeared in court accused of trying to join so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in syria .
two men have been charged in connection with an armed robbery at a house in blackpool .
us president donald trump has said china 's policy of the us , china , will be `` irresponsible '' .
a man has appeared in court charged with murder following the death of a man in peterhead .
two men have been found guilty of murdering a man whose body was found in a flat in northampton .
the un 's climate change agency -lrb- unhcr -rrb- says climate change is needed to tackle climate change and climate change .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges facing zimbabwe .
one of the most important moments in the history of the premier league , the premier league is the most important of the premier league 's most famous managers .
former england batsman david warner has been banned from the ashes squad for the first test against australia at the oval .
the scottish government has announced a # # m deal with the scottish government .
tunisia will elect a new national assembly for the first time in more than 50 years .
former australian cricket minister tony abbott has died at the age of 83 .
ospreys wing sam underhill has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
tom tom tom , the founder of the supermarket chain tom tom , says he is worried about the way the workers are paid .
world number one kyren wilson said he was `` very lucky '' to beat world number one kyren wilson in the world championship semi-finals .
the former speaker of brazil 's lower house of congress , eduardo cunha , has been released from prison .
aston villa have signed striker jonathan kodjia from championship rivals aston villa for an undisclosed fee .
exeter chiefs have signed south africa lock david white on a short-term deal for an undisclosed fee .
disney 's new disney film , the princess , has topped the us box office , taking $ mythical m -lrb- # film m -rrb- .
former tv presenter jim o'donnell has revealed he was forced to pull out of a live show for strictly come dancing .
wrexham maintained their unbeaten start to the national league season with a comfortable victory over wrexham .
south africa 's president jacob jackson has announced that he will step down at the end of the year .
catalans dragons moved up to third in super league with a hard-fought victory over st helens .
the mother of moors murderer ian brady has called on the crown prosecution service -lrb- cps -rrb- to take legal action against the mother of moors murderer ian brady .
a new exhibition has opened in liverpool to mark the 200th anniversary of the city 's history .
have you ever wondered what happens this year in the world of sport ?
a paralysed woman has become the first person to walk out of the london marathon .
a new film about the life of the bench is to be premiered at a special film festival in gwynedd .
more than half of women in the uk will be able to use their apps on smartphones and tablets , the bbc has learned .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the future of the united nations .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the plight of whole and fuss .
nottinghamshire 's jake ball has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
scottish liberal democrat leader willie rennie has said he is `` disappointed '' by the scottish government 's response to the government 's budget .
two men have been rescued from the river thames in cornwall after they were rescued by a group of men .
police investigating the murder of perthshire woman tiffney tiffney have found a body in the area .
leeds maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a hard-fought victory over leeds at elland road .
tributes have been paid to former notts county captain tom nottingham-born as their new chief executive .
the chief executive of house builder redrow has said there is `` no doubt '' for the future of the housing system in england and wales .
the us has charged three us cyber attacks in a series of attacks in the us .
french ligue 1 side montpellier have signed lille striker belhanda belhanda on a season-long loan deal .
prime minister theresa may has announced plans to cut the number of uk homes in the uk , in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the eu .
the family of a six-year-old boy who died after suffering serious brain damage have said they are `` devastated '' by the high court .
andrew marr has spoken for the first time about his `` discussed '' approach to the 1980s .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 premier league games this season against a variety of guests .
us car giant robin car has been sold for $ car -lrb- # batman -rrb- at a us auction in los angeles .
the family of a british woman who was deported from the uk to the home office have called for a judicial review into the case .
andy murray says andy murray is the `` best man in the world '' , according to former world number one andy murray .
britain 's ma ma won his first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory in the men 's singles final at rio 2016 .
kenyan middle-distance runner rita jeptoo has been banned for two years after testing positive for meldonium .
everton have signed everton midfielder browning browning on loan until the end of the season .
north korea has accused the us of `` barbarism '' over its missile attacks in syria .
a british man has been arrested in pakistan in connection with the murder of a british man who was shot dead in the capital , kampala .
dutch paint , the owner of akzo nobel , has rejected a takeover offer from rival ppg paint .
a 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fatal stabbing in leeds .
manchester united have been crowned champions of the premier league for the first time .
one of the world 's biggest cash , cash , has been awarded a $ cash -lrb- # cash -rrb- cash machine .
a man has been jailed for life after being convicted of the attempted murder of a disabled pensioner in the 1970s .
games developer valve has announced that it is to remove a `` steam '' version of its steam platform .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in west lothian .
former manchester united boss peter moores has been confirmed as the new owner of the national league club .
glenavon have been drawn against the irish league cup for the first time in four years after they were held to a 1-1 draw by glenavon .
indonesian police say they have arrested two women in connection with the killing of two women in indonesia .
a controlled explosion has been found in a controlled explosion at a beach in the republic of ireland .
tributes have been paid to a man shot dead in londonderry in the early hours of sunday .
the bbc has announced plans to create more than 1,000 cultural and cultural services in the next five years .
former british middleweight champion chris eubank jr has said he is `` lucky to be alive '' after he was knocked out of the fight with nick blackwell .
the former chief executive of the scottish conservatives has told the bbc he believes his car was a `` grand car '' .
league two side doncaster rovers have signed former derry city and derry city defender 33-year-old mcchrystal .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has launched its first spacecraft satellite , the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- .
cardiff city moved up to third in the championship with a hard-fought win at cardiff city .
a british fisherman has died after falling from a fishing vessel off the coast of western australia .
the former head of the french national party -lrb- lavrilleux -rrb- , jerome cope , has resigned after a scandal with the party 's president nicolas sarkozy .
eddie jones has been named in the england squad for the first test against england at twickenham on saturday .
police investigating the murder of a man in norfolk have released cctv footage of a man they want to speak to .
plans to build a new lane on the a303 in hampshire have been backed by the government .
british cycling has been accused of failing to explain the use of anti-doping claims against the team 's anti-doping programme .
the family of a boy who has been diagnosed with a brain tumour say they have been `` overwhelmed '' by the lack of support for his life .
south korea 's education minister has apologised to students for failing to investigate questions about the exam exams test .
a man 's body has been recovered from the river clyde in perthshire .
a man has been convicted of sexually assaulting two women at a music festival in oxford .
lewis hamilton said he was `` gutted '' by the prospect of qualifying for the first practice session at the bahrain grand prix .
saudi arabia 's supreme court has sacked the chief executive of saudi arabia , sheikh sheikh .
edf energy has announced a 3 % rise in annual gas prices for the three months to december .
the number of students in northern ireland has fallen by more than 10 % in the past year , official figures show .
plans for a disused power station in southampton have been given the go-ahead by the government .
labour 's shadow chancellor ed balls has accused labour of using tax avoidance as `` morally repugnant '' .
a man who killed his girlfriend in a `` brutal and brutal '' attack has been jailed for six years .
63-year-old 63-year-old is one of the most influential people in the world .
shrewsbury town have signed midfielder adam el-abd on a two-year deal following his release by wrexham .
it 's been a year since the prime minister said the uk government 's plans for a new # 1.3 bn swansea bay tidal lagoon .
an inquest into the deaths of two people who died in a car crash in caerphilly county has been described as `` horrific '' by a coroner .
a british soldier who was killed in afghanistan in afghanistan has been named as sergeant angela rayner .
rupert murdoch is to step down as chief executive of fox news network fox news .
baroness campbell has been appointed as the new chair of british sport .
thousands of people have taken part in a storm in sheffield in the republic of ireland .
the future of the nhs in england has been `` ability '' , according to the former head of the nhs in england .
the nhs in england will be given the go-ahead for the nhs in england , the nhs in england has announced .
fugitive russian intelligence contractor edward snowden has been granted permission to leave the united states , officials say .
two men have been arrested after a raid at a house in east lothian .
league one side oldham athletic have signed former crystal palace midfielder kettings kettings on a two-year contract .
the mayor of cannes has signed a petition against a petition calling for a ban on muslim school meals .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the world 's biggest share index , the world 's biggest oil company , has reported a sharp fall in commodities prices .
spain 's ruling party -lrb- pp -rrb- has won its first parliamentary election in more than two years .
india 's cricket board will not be able to stage the icc champions trophy , the international cricket council -lrb- icc -rrb- has announced .
virat kohli and india 's virat kohli have been named in australia 's world twenty20 squad for the first time .
wales scrum-half rhys webb says he is `` desperate '' to return to the wales squad for the rest of the season .
the world 's first drug drug trials is to be trialled in the uk for the first time .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have visited the duke and duchess of cambridge to the duke of cambridge .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the european union , there is no doubt that the uk 's vote to leave the eu has been widely criticised .
a study of a baby 's brain has found that children are more likely to have a baby , a study suggests .
england striker eniola aluko has been cleared by the football association after being accused of `` sexism '' by the football association of england .
parks should be banned from parks in england and wales , a committee of mps has said .
the scottish government has announced plans for a new energy wind farm in the north sea .
ukip has written to the party 's chief executive for a row over a row over a controversial assembly election campaign .
thousands of people have taken part in a protest in londonderry to help save the lives of thousands of native oak trees .
crystal palace extended their lead at the top of the premier league to five points after a goalless draw at crystal palace .
aston villa have signed former aston villa midfielder 57-year-old cowans on a two-year contract .
a man has been given a life sentence for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in the street .
scotland 's first minister nicola sturgeon has announced that she will be holding a second independence referendum .
national league side boreham wood have signed midfielder jordan davies on a two-year deal following his release by nottingham forest .
the number of dog crimes in england and wales has risen for the first time in five years , according to the national crime agency .
exeter moved into the premiership 's top six with a bonus-point victory over exeter chiefs at sandy park .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition calling for a change in the number of horse deaths in wales .
prime minister theresa may has said she is `` very optimistic '' about the uk 's exit from the european union .
the number of exam results in england 's exam system has risen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
the ukrainian government has launched a campaign to remove the country 's `` country '' and `` critics '' .
a baby boy who was born in the womb at st michael 's hospital in st george 's hospital has been discharged .
the bbc 's mohamed mohamed has been talking to newsround about what is thought to be the world 's most expensive street .
at least 39 people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack on a hotel in the somali capital mogadishu , officials say .
league two side carlisle united have signed notts county striker wes atkinson on loan until the end of the season .
israel 's prime minister , benjamin netanyahu , has accused israel of using a plane to use a flight to israel .
the number of child sex offences in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
the world 's largest technology company , the world 's biggest technology company , has announced it will cut 2,600 jobs as part of a restructuring plan .
lewis hamilton says he has `` no idea '' of winning the british grand prix in the wake of the death of team-mate nico rosberg .
nico rosberg pipped mercedes team-mate lewis hamilton in final practice at the belgian grand prix .
scientists have developed a new technique to stem the stem cell of a patient 's stem cell .
two polar bears have arrived in scotland for the first time in more than two years .
cardiff city boss russell slade says he would be `` proud '' to win promotion to the premier league .
defending champions spain 's garcia garcia won her first grand slam title with victory in the women 's doubles at the rio olympics .
hull kr came from behind to beat hull kr and reach the challenge cup quarter-finals .
hampshire moved to the top of the county championship with a decline victory over hampshire at hampshire .
the father of a man who died in a house fire at his home has told an inquest he was `` on the night of the house '' .
russia has condemned russia 's decision to deploy a russian military base in the baltic sea .
australia 's prime minister , malcolm turnbull , has called for an end to the state of the nation .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers praised his team 's `` incredible '' performance in their 2-0 win over west brom .
the head of the international community in jordan has urged the international community to help tackle the `` crisis crisis '' in syria .
sinn féin 's gerry adams has said he will not face charges over the murder of jean mcconville .
the number of homeless homeless homeless people in england has risen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
hundreds of people have been forced to leave their homes as part of a major operation to reduce the number of people living in the sea .
shrewsbury maintained their unbeaten start to the league one season with victory at shrewsbury .
a new home in the us state of new south wales -lrb- nsw -rrb- has been widely criticised for the first time .
sunderland have appointed former sunderland boss sam allardyce as their new manager .
cardiff city moved up to second in the championship with a hard-fought win at brentford .
a man has died after being hit by a car in greater manchester .
leicester tigers head coach daryl murphy says his side are capable of beating leicester tigers at the end of the season .
staff at the birmingham and birmingham city centre are to close as part of a multi-million pound review .
a new computer system has been set up in the uk for the first time in more than two years .
the film adaptation of the late james bond film the dark knight has been hailed as `` practically '' by critics .
when alexander marina was found dead at his home in london 's hyde park earlier this month , he was the victim of an inquiry into the death of british spy alexander litvinenko .
two people have been taken to hospital after a crash involving a car and a car in lincolnshire .
russian opposition leader mikhail kasyanov has been shot dead in chechnya , russian opposition leader vladimir putin has said .
a taxi driver who had to be removed from a railway station in cardiff has said she was `` shocked '' by a taxi station .
a judicial review is to be held into allegations of child sexual abuse at kincora boys ' home in belfast .
charlton athletic have appointed charlton athletic boss jose riga as their new head coach .
a police investigation into allegations of child sex offences at a church in hertfordshire has been dropped .
south africa 's biggest investment group , the confederation of south africa , has announced plans to close its business in south africa .
the football association has opened disciplinary proceedings against the serbian football association -lrb- safa -rrb- over alleged racist chanting during the champions league match against serbia .
the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- has been accused of `` consumer '' by the competition and markets authority -lrb- cma -rrb- .
one of scotland 's most popular roman sites has been added to the scottish government for the first time .
a petition calling for the welsh government to be renamed the welsh government has been launched .
an australian company has been fined $ sacred -lrb- â # prosecuted -rrb- in damages for the death of a firm site in australia .
all photographs â © ed gold .
police have released cctv images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
mental health services in wales are to be launched by the welsh government .
plans for a new social housing development in norwich have been approved by the city council .
the bbc has defended its decision to scrap the bbc 's coverage of the bbc , amid criticism from the bbc .
a teenage boy who was sexually assaulted by a group of young people in the us state of georgia has told the bbc that he has been `` nerd '' .
a new zealand couple have signed a petition calling for new zealand to marry a new zealand church .
byron williams scored a late winner as barrow came from behind to beat 10-man barrow in the national league .
in the wake of the chemical weapons attack on the syrian city of aleppo , the syrian state of aleppo is one of the world 's most important chemical elements .
a 10-year-old boy has been arrested after a child was threatened with a knife at a school in dumfries .
australian rugby league club sydney chiefs have been charged with match-fixing over allegations of match-fixing .
england will host the 2017 women 's cricket team for the first time in 2017 , the bbc has learned .
a silicon valley company in silicon valley , who claims she was sexually harassed as a female employee , says she has been sexually harassed .
hampshire 's hopes of winning the county championship title were dented as they were held to a draw by hampshire .
students at oxford university have been given the freedom of the city of oxford .
commonwealth games champion ashley brace has been ruled out of the commonwealth games after being ruled out of the commonwealth games .
england wicketkeeper jos buttler has signed a new contract with the indian premier league side .
leigh griffiths scored a hat-trick as celtic came from behind to beat celtic in the scottish premiership .
world number one mark selby says he is `` disappointed '' by the prospect of being the first welshman to reach the uk championship quarter-finals .
this year 's bbc children 's author of the year awards has been announced .
a former aide to hull city councillor 55-year-old bayes has been given a suspended prison sentence .
irish premiership leaders glenavon have been given a one-match touchline ban for breaching a disciplinary hearing .
the football association of england and wales football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- says the football association 's decision to leave the european union would be `` disastrous '' .
one of the world 's rarest timber has been discovered at a quarry in gwynedd .
prince harry has made his first public appearance in more than 70 years .
the family of a six-year-old boy who was killed in a car crash in germany have said they are `` devastated '' .
philippine president rodrigo duterte has announced that he is stepping down as president of the philippines .
belfast giants have signed canadian defenceman dustin johner on a two-year deal .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a derelict leisure centre in dumfries and galloway .
a large fire has broken out at a royal victoria hospital in west belfast .
chris evans has been appointed as the new chief executive of the uk 's top gear .
breastfeeding in the world health organization -lrb- data -rrb- have called for more support for breastfeeding mothers in the world .
defending champion novak djokovic reached the semi-finals of the french open with a straight-set win over spain 's yulia 29 .
james anderson 's century helped hampshire to a four-wicket win over hampshire at the ageas bowl .
a former child sex offender has admitted a string of sexual offences against children .
great britain 's men 's 4x400m relay team will not compete at the rio olympics after failing to qualify for the rio olympics .
a man has been arrested in connection with a sexual assault on a woman in the us city of new york .
a fire has broken out at a house in the republic of ireland .
london mayor boris johnson has said he would be interested in becoming the new mayor of london .
los angeles have appointed frank de boer as their new head coach .
the father of a five-year-old boy who died in a car crash has launched a legal challenge to the high court .
a petition calling for a new tourist attraction to be created in skegness has been criticised by the mayor of london .
a fund set up to help people affected by the so-called islamic state group is to be held in aberdeen .
saudi arabia 's king salman has been sworn in as the new president of the royal guard .
a french court has sentenced a vietnamese man to 10 years in prison for inciting the country 's most famous pham .
a row has broken out over plans to build a landowner beauty spot in lincolnshire .
thousands of people are taking part in a music festival on the isle of wight .
media watchdog ofcom has launched a review of the way viewers are governed in tv and tv .
more than half of offenders in england and wales are being punished for their crimes , a report has found .
south africa cruised into the second test against south africa with a knock victory over south africa at the oval .
a hospital has been placed in special measures after a fire broke out at a hospital in stratford-upon-avon .
world number one novak djokovic reached the second round of the madrid open with a straight-set win over djokovic djokovic .
entertainer frank sidebottom has paid tribute to entertainer frank sidebottom , who has died at the age of 96 .
marcus bent says his goalscoring start to the season helped derby county return to the top of the championship .
northern ireland rider michael cooper is in a stable condition in hospital after being involved in a crash with a motorbike on the isle of man .
the trial of a man accused of the manslaughter of a woman who was found dead in a routine has been cleared of manslaughter .
northern ireland 's department of environment -lrb- dard -rrb- has cut its funding for northern ireland 's environment department .
the government has said it is `` ecstatic '' that councils in england are struggling to buy their own homes .
brexit secretary david davis has said he is `` very concerned '' about the uk government 's brexit negotiations .
newport county boosted their league two survival hopes with a win at newport county .
championship side aston villa have signed aston villa defender suliman suliman on a season-long loan deal .
sunderland ladies goalkeeper sarah laws has signed a new two-year contract with the women 's super league one club .
wakefield completed their return to the super league season with a comfortable victory over wakefield .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a car in southampton .
the palestinian authority in the palestinian capital , hamas , has won a court battle against the government .
the family of a man who died after being diagnosed with terminal cancer have said they are `` devastated '' by the response .
tributes have been paid to a wasps rugby player who died after being involved in a crash with a car .
celtic returned to the top of the scottish premiership with a comfortable win over inverness caledonian thistle .
mohamed salah has been named in egypt 's squad for the africa cup of nations .
water in the us state of new york is to be investigated after a water leak was found in the water .
dani pedrosa became the first british rider to win the italian grand prix with victory in the pedrosa grand prix .
cheltenham town director of rugby dean hughes says the club have `` no team '' to stay in the premier league .
the isle of wight 's new mobile phone service has been launched by isle of wight council .
chinese authorities have carried out a chemical chemical attack at a factory in tianjin , china .
one of winston churchill 's most famous paintings , sir winston churchill , has died at the age of 94 .
two bottles of whisky galore have been sold at auction for more than 50 years .
portugal has become the first country in europe to sign a law to allow the country to leave the european union .
a number of suffolk fire engines could be cut under plans being considered by the county council .
league one side bury have signed former bolton wanderers midfielder alex rachubka on a two-year deal .
the national teachers ' union -lrb- keates -rrb- has announced plans to increase the number of teachers in england and wales .
a man has appeared in court charged with the 1998 murder of surjit singh chhokar .
italy head coach walter di venuto says his side will not be able to beat italy in the six nations .
plans for a new city centre in oxford have been approved by the city council .
a body found in woodland has been confirmed as that of a missing man .
a judge in the us state of arizona has won an appeal against a conviction for the murder of an arizona woman .
sir vince cable says he is considering selling the uk steel industry in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the eu .
campaigners have called for the introduction of heat heating systems in scotland .
one of the world 's biggest web companies has been accused of failing to crack down on social media .
o'donnell o'donnell has been crowned world champion of the world for the first time .
the number of gps in wales has risen by more than a third in the year , according to the welsh government .
a taxi driver who was convicted of raping a taxi driver has been banned from driving for five years .
manchester united manager jose mourinho says he is `` very concerned '' about his side 's poor start to the premier league season .
rangers manager gary locke says he has been `` disappointed '' by the football association 's decision to let rangers play at the top of the championship .
a updated bay has been spotted at a beach in south south england .
a facial bone found in the cairngorms has been reconstructed by scientists for the first time .
ireland fly-half johnny sexton has been ruled out of ireland 's six nations opener against ireland in dublin on saturday .
hundreds of people have attended a protest against plans to cut hundreds of staff at risk of closure .
a church in north yorkshire has said it has been `` overwhelmed '' by the number of parishioners in a church in north yorkshire .
bayer leverkusen defender eric schmidt has been banned for two games after being found guilty of improper conduct by the football association .
a group of scientists in hong kong have developed a new type of medicine that could help prevent the spread of the disease .
a former police officer has been jailed for nine years for sexually abusing a young girl in the uk .
a man has been shot dead by israeli police in the southern israeli city of mohammed , killing at least two people , police say .
the government has agreed to buy a private firm in stoke-on-trent for the first time in two years , the bbc understands .
a group of young women in northern ireland have spoken of their frustration at being born in northern ireland .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in the annual annual revellers music festival .
a palestinian man has been shot dead in a bus station in the occupied west bank , officials say .
two men have admitted being part of the hatton garden jewellery raid .
one of the world 's biggest online marketplaces , magicseaweed , has agreed to buy the world 's largest online surf manufacturer .
match reports from the weekend 's scottish premiership and championship games .
the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- is to be banned from entering the uk , the government has announced .
the british horseracing authority -lrb- bha -rrb- has announced it will be taking part in this year 's cheltenham festival .
the parents of a baby girl who was born at sea by a baby flight crew have welcomed a baby baby .
cornish pirates scrum-half alex cheesman has signed a new contract with the premiership club .
chelsea striker diego costa has been left out of spain 's squad for the euro 2016 qualifiers against argentina and spain .
a double-decker bus has crashed into a bus in central london , killing at least 12 people .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed in a street in brighton .
it 's been a year since the discovery of one of the world 's largest dino .
the department of foreign affairs -lrb- dfc -rrb- has announced a new scheme to allow irish people to be sold in the republic of ireland .
the former head of the national league , kyaw kyaw , has been charged with fraud , the bbc has learned .
messaging service snapchat has reported a rise in sales in the first three months of the year so far .
in the wake of the eu referendum , the bbc 's thomas fessy looks at some of the key issues in the eu referendum campaign .
tens of thousands of people have taken to the streets of caracas in the venezuelan capital , caracas .
a murder investigation has been launched after a man was stabbed to death in north lanarkshire .
scotland 's most senior judge has called for the uk to remain in the european union after brexit .
olympic heptathlon champion jessica ennis-hill has been given a knighthood in the queen 's birthday honours list .
former england manager danny chambers has been appointed as the new head coach of the premier league club .
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has accused israel 's prime minister of `` special '' comments about israel 's relationship with israel .
a man in the indian city of mumbai has been attacked after he was attacked by a man in mumbai .
sale sharks have signed samoa international denny solomona from sale sharks for an undisclosed fee .
a driver has died and two people have been injured in a crash involving a bus and a bus in north yorkshire .
23-year-old cisse has become the first athlete to win a gold medal at the rio olympics .
a man has admitted causing the death of a teenager who was hit by a car in leeds .
a man who died in a fire at her home has been named by the fire service .
scunthorpe united have signed midfielder scott osbourne on a two-year deal after his release by aston villa .
justice secretary michael matheson has announced he will stand as the new leader of the scottish labour party .
aberdeen midfielder ryan mclaughlin has joined aberdeen on loan until the end of the season .
ireland 's world featherweight champion barry hearn will fight world champion mark selby at the sse arena on saturday .
the daughter of a 12-year-old girl in the us state of san francisco has said he is `` heartbroken '' after a video of her daughter was posted online .
northern ireland 's first minister , dr edwin poots , has said he is `` very sorry '' for the northern ireland executive .
britain 's james dasaolu and james dasaolu both won olympic gold in the men 's 200m at the european championships in london .
britain 's liam smith won the wbo super-middleweight title with a unanimous points decision against fellow briton smith smith .
police investigating the murder of a man in north belfast have said they are `` devastated '' by the murder of a man .
the deputy first minister , martin mcguinness , has said he will not attend the northern ireland assembly election .
the number of nhs trusts in england has fallen by more than a third in the past year , figures show .
a building in london has been given grade ii listed status to help families affected by the grenfell tower fire .
a man has died after being hit by a car in staffordshire .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- is one of the world 's most powerful spacecraft .
fyw yn , yn yn , roedd yn , roedd yn , roedd yn , roedd yn , roedd yn .
formula 1 drivers will not be able to take part in this year 's russian grand prix , says red bull 's director of sport .
british number two dan evans suffered a shock defeat in the second round of the australian open .
one of the uk 's biggest retail chains , poundland , has overtaken the supermarket chain for the first time .
the united nations says it is sending more than $ 1bn -lrb- # missiles ; $ killed -rrb- to the syrian regime of the syrian conflict .
a man has been arrested in connection with the attempted murder of a police officer in hamilton .
the number of uk students choosing to leave the european union has risen by more than 50 % in the past year , the bbc has learned .
saudi arabia says it has seized methamphetamine pills worth more than $ 100m -lrb- â # pills -rrb- from saudi arabia to saudi arabia .
the story of one of the british sailors who died in the falklands war has been remembered in the queen 's birthday honours list .
the future of the winter olympics in pyeongchang has been described as `` unfair '' by the sport 's governing body .
britain 's peter kennaugh won the first stage of the tour de yorkshire with victory in the opening stage of the tour de yorkshire .
a county down school has closed its doors for the first time in more than two years .
surrey batsman tremlett tremlett has announced his retirement from cricket at the age of 37 .
a woman who died in a fire at a recycling plant has been named as a victim of the fire .
bank of england governor mark carney has defended the government 's plan to end the financial crisis .
a video game has been launched in mexico for the first time in more than 100 years .
bristol rovers midfielder ben chilwell has signed a new one-year contract with the national league side .
two adventurers have been added to the isles of scilly for the first time in more than 100 years .
british fashion designer enninful enninful has been appointed as the new director of the british fashion industry .
australian prime minister tony abbott has called for a ban on migrants entering the mediterranean sea .
one of the uk 's most important planes has arrived in the uk for the first time in more than 70 years .
us secretary of state hillary clinton has urged egypt 's president mohammed mursi to step down .
warwickshire made it three wins from two in the one-day cup with a resuming win over warwickshire at edgbaston .
police are investigating the disappearance of a car belonging to the disappearance of a car in hertfordshire .
former french president nicolas sarkozy has been named as the new president of the french government .
ulster bank has said it is investigating a `` serious failure '' for customers affected by the bank of ulster bank .
scientists have discovered a new way to analyse the decay of the particle boson .
more than 1,000 new homes are to be built on new homes in scotland , according to the scottish government .
south sudan 's military says it has agreed a deal to end the country 's civil war in south sudan .
the wife of a woman who died after being treated for pneumonia has told an inquest into the death of her husband .
league one side stranraer have parted company with manager gordon reid .
at least eight people have been killed in a car bomb blast in the turkish capital , ankara , officials say .
it was meant to be one of the most tense moments of the world cup .
scotland moved to the top of the world cup with a burger victory over scotland at murrayfield .
real madrid midfielder pedro sanchez has signed a new two-year contract with the premier league club .
iceland has become the first country in the world to introduce gender equality laws .
a care home at a residential care home in north lanarkshire has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a disturbance in south london .
a british man who went missing in india has been found safe and well .
a man has been jailed for stealing more than # 100,000 from a bank in greater manchester .
torquay united manager kevin nicholson says the club will not be able to help deal with the national league club .
rangers came from behind to beat rangers and secure their place in the last 16 of euro 2016 .
great britain 's women 's olympic silver medallist chris bevan has announced his retirement from international football .
two men have been arrested in connection with a suspected drugs operation in greater manchester .
england all-rounder ben stokes says he is not worried about his future after being knocked out of the first test against west indies .
former england captain jason pearce has been called up to the england squad for the first time since being relegated from the national league .
at least nine people have been taken to hospital after heavy rain in the capital , delhi .
wales wing hallam amos has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
virat kohli and ravindra jadeja led india to a afternoon win over india in the second test in bangalore .
a man has been jailed for three years after being found guilty of sexually abusing two young girls in falkirk .
a man who was sexually assaulted by a man at a belfast flat has been given a life sentence .
the scottish government has accused the scottish government of being `` true '' by the scottish government .
samantha murray has been named as the new chief executive of the royal bank of scotland -lrb- industry -rrb- .
plans to drill drill for shale gas in nottinghamshire have been submitted to the county council .
a man who died after a night out at a flat in east yorkshire was a `` character ordinary '' , an inquest has heard .
the family of a french student who has been missing for more than a week have appealed for help to trace him .
plans to build a new nuclear power station in norfolk have been approved by the government .
a new technology firm has been launched in the us for the first time in more than a year .
the number of people living in poverty in wales has reached a record high , according to the welsh government .
the stars of one of the world 's most famous musicians , uptown , have filed a lawsuit against the british band 's claim that it was plagiarised by a group of musicians .
shadow education secretary tristram hunt has called for an independent review of the government 's education system .
guernsey 's cruise liner ferry has been cancelled due to a shortage of cruise ships .
ireland reached the semi-finals of the women 's world twenty20 with a joyce win over zimbabwe in dharamsala .
the exam results of this year 's exam results have been a major factor in the number of exam results .
a football club in berkshire has been forced to cancel a football club for the first time in its history .
a group of children from devon and devon are set to arrive in devon , devon and devon .
mae ' r blaid lafur wedi pleidleisio i fod cymraeg o siaradwyr cymraeg yn y gymraeg .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you want to know about the west midlands .
peterborough united manager graham westley has resigned as manager of league one strugglers peterborough united .
peterborough united striker grant mccann has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a leg injury .
hundreds of people have signed a petition to save a grade ii listed building in staffordshire .
nottingham forest manager mark warburton says he wants to improve the quality of players in the championship .
great britain 's eilidh doyle won her first gold medal at the world championships with a stunning victory over russia 's meilutyte meilutyte .
us aircraft maker boeing has reported a 20 % drop in quarterly profit to $ manufacturer bn -lrb- # bn bn -rrb- for the first three months of 2015 .
a flybe flight from edinburgh to edinburgh was forced to make an emergency landing at edinburgh airport .
more than half of secondary schools in england are being judged out of school , according to official figures .
the first female bishop to be ordained in wales has died at the age of 86 .
scientists say they have discovered the best known ancestor of the animals ' brains .
the australian prime minister , bronwyn bishop , has accused the australian prime minister of misleading him as `` friends '' .
the mother of a woman who died in a collision with a car in oxfordshire has said the speed limit will not be carried out .
firefighters have been tackling a blaze at a house in midday , county fermanagh .
russian president vladimir putin has said he will consider talks with russian president vladimir putin at the end of the eu referendum .
south korea 's henderson henderson is one shot off the lead after the third round of the women 's british open at erin hills .
tributes have been paid to those affected by the glasgow bin lorry tragedy .
soft drinks maker ag barr has announced plans to cut the sugar intake of sugar on fizzy drinks .
jake ball is to be named the winner of this year 's royal philharmonic society -lrb- rps -rrb- awards .
gatwick airport has said it plans to build a new runway at gatwick airport in the wake of a new runway at gatwick airport .
a man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his flat .
the owner of a suffolk art gallery has said he has been `` overwhelmed '' by the social media , saying it has been `` overwhelmed '' by his death .
league two side luton town have signed southend united midfielder joe pigott on loan until the end of the season .
the duke of york is to sue the duke of york as part of an investigation into allegations of sexual abuse .
double olympic champion jade williams says he has a `` massive bonus '' to compete at the world championships in germany .
us toy giant lego has been accused by chinese artist lego of using a `` controversial '' artist , lego , in a move to the chinese city .
a review into the deaths of three elderly people at a care home in south wales is to be reviewed .
sam stevens hit a career-best century to help essex beat essex by eight wickets in the one-day cup at chelmsford .
the uk 's biggest garden chain , nurseries , says it will be a `` big choice '' for the uk 's food and social care market .
british sprinter jack laugher has been named in the gb squad for the 2016 rio olympics .
the new trailer for the new trailer for the new trailer for the new trailer has been released .
as part of the bbc 's new generation of older people , bbc news takes a look at some of the highlights of a new generation of older people .
rangers owner green rovers has announced a # announced m takeover of the club .
plans for a # 6m redevelopment of the dragon tower in wrexham have been approved by councillors .
a green businessman has become the first person in the world to be given the green light for burgers .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a body was found in a suitcase in the republic of ireland .
hibernian moved up to second in the scottish championship with a hard-fought victory over hibernian .
police in cardiff are being urged to take extra control of the champions league final at cardiff 's principality stadium .
thousands of fans have taken part in a football match between leicester city and leicester city fans .
burton albion have made their first signing of the summer by bringing in goalkeeper david mclaughlin from burton albion .
an inquest into the deaths of two men who died while on holiday in london 's hyde park has been described as a `` tragedy '' .
the office for national statistics -lrb- ons -rrb- has said it is `` very concerned '' about the quality of jobs in the uk .
plans for a new surf surf centre in gwynedd have been given the go-ahead .
a man has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed in a car crash .
a man has been found dead in a beach in cornwall .
glasgow warriors head coach andy murray says his side are capable of securing a place in the pro12 play-offs .
cameroon 's error error has been given a 10-week ban by the international football federation -lrb- fff -rrb- after his red card was sent off in the first leg of the confederations cup .
england 's justin rose carded an eight-under-par 64 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the us pga championship .
england coach eddie jones praised his side 's `` incredible '' performance in their first test win over australia in sydney .
a us judge has ordered a federal judge to a federal court over the death of a us man who was shot dead in the us state of oregon .
a hospital trust has been rated `` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
the number of places for new schools in england has fallen by more than a third in the past five years , according to the local government association .
the red arrows are to be given the red arrows to the red arrows , the red arrows have announced .
one of scotland 's largest music producer , the , has announced plans to close its factory in north lanarkshire .
more than half of adults in the uk are more likely to be born in the uk , a study suggests .
a man has admitted causing the death of a man who was involved in a crash with a lorry in east belfast .
one of the uk 's most famous monarch , her monarch , has been sold at auction for # majesty .
carbon dioxide , carbon dioxide and carbon dioxide , carbon dioxide , have cut carbon dioxide from carbon dioxide , the eu 's carbon watchdog has said .
the price of oil has fallen for the first time in more than two years , with oil prices falling below $ 30 a barrel .
a man who died in a crash on the outskirts of belfast has been named by police .
the department of education -lrb- policy -rrb- has announced plans for a new # 50m primary school in jersey .
a pair of birds have been found dead in a north wales quarry .
american swimmer michael phelps has become the first swimmer to win two gold medals at the world championships in los angeles .
a group of doctors has called for a rethink of a plan to cut the cost of a baby milk formula .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the challenges between venezuela and venezuela .
tottenham manager antonio conte says the premier league is a `` tragedy '' in the premier league .
northern ireland 's mark foster missed out on a place in the 400m hurdles final at the world athletics championships in smyth , italy .
a gang of masked men armed with a hammer at a house in east belfast have been released by police .
a ?? park in dorset has been given the go-ahead by the scottish government .
the family of a british man who went missing after a night out in australia have spoken of their shock at the moment .
plans for a proposed housing development in dunblane have been rejected by councillors .
jordan spieth shot a six-under-par 66 to move into a share of the lead after the first round of the us pga championship .
us rock band nasa have won the uk singles chart for the first time this year .
the bank of england 's new plastic bank , the bank of england , will be the most expensive bank in northern ireland .
david cameron has said there is a `` new settlement '' for scotland in the general election .
national league side gateshead have signed defender paul cooper on a two-year deal following his release by national league rivals gateshead .
aberdeen manager derek mcinnes has signed a new three-year contract with the scottish premiership club .
scientists have developed a new type of flu vaccination for flu .
more than a third of people in england and wales have been diagnosed with the virus , according to new figures .
thousands of people have taken part in elections in tanzania 's capital , zanzibar , for the first time in more than two years .
in the wake of the first test against sri lanka at the oval , the bbc 's alastair leithead looks back at the moment .
relatives of two british men who died in the murder of a british couple have won a high court battle against the uk 's supreme court .
the transocean winner of the transocean winner of the transocean rig transocean winner has been towed into the sea .
a campaign has been launched to celebrate the future of the scottish design of the scottish design awards .
london 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- is to increase the number of police and crime commissioners in london , according to the metropolitan police .
in the run-up to the general election , one of europe 's most popular social networks , tv and forbids .
the uk has signed a deal with the uk 's international trade deal with the united nations .
relatives of those killed in the sewol ferry disaster in south korea have arrived in the south korean city of ship .
more needs to be done to save job cuts to job cuts in wales , a union has claimed .
it 's been a busy year for the great british bake off .
people in iran 's capital , tehran , have come under increasing pressure on social media .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was shot at a pub in the us state of kansas .
a us prison report has criticised the us government 's decision to ban a sheriff system in the us state of california .
online retail sales are expected to rise at the end of this year , the company has said .
the met office has issued a yellow `` be aware '' warning for sea winds across the uk .
a # 1m project to help rescue a boat which capsized in the atlantic has been launched .
the restoration of a world war two battlefield has been given the go-ahead by the heritage lottery fund -lrb- hlf -rrb- .
the chief executive of the european union , france , has announced that he will step down as chief executive of the european union .
tony bellew says he will not fight ibf heavyweight champion tony bellew if he wins the heavyweight title in dusseldorf on saturday .
the republic of ireland 's biggest cultural festival , the republic of ireland , has been given the go-ahead for the first time .
republic of ireland striker conor sammon has signed a new three-year contract with the premiership club .
the final series of bbc one show the new series of doctor who is the first series of the bbc one show .
the duke of cambridge has paid tribute to the `` great honour '' of a statue of the great british bake off .
manchester united have agreed a deal to sign manchester united goalkeeper david de gea for an undisclosed fee .
the city of racket is one of the world 's most popular football clubs .
manchester city will face manchester city in the champions league semi-finals at wembley on saturday .
eurovision song contest winner alexei navalny has won the eurovision song contest for the eurovision song contest .
st mirren came from behind to beat st mirren and reach the scottish cup quarter-finals .
labour leadership contenders andy burnham and andy burnham have won the contest to become the next leader of the labour party .
the final section of a historic wall in leicester has been given the go-ahead for the first time .
it 's one of the biggest sporting stories of the year .
a critically endangered baby antelope has been born at a highland wildlife park .
an abusive caller from perth has been jailed for five years after being convicted of stalking and threatening to kill her mother .
a row has broken out between northampton and northampton borough council 's refusal to sell a statue of northampton 's kings .
st mirren moved into the top four of the scottish premiership with a comfortable win over bottom side st mirren .
leeds rhinos have signed catalans dragons half-back simon simon on a season-long loan deal .
leeds rhinos have signed catalans dragons full-back aiton aiton on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee .
former labour leader ed miliband has called for the uk to stay in the eu if the uk votes to leave the eu .
walmart , the world 's largest online retailer , has announced it will buy walmart , the world 's largest online retailer .
pakistan 's lower house of parliament has passed a law allowing women to register for religious marriage .
a new fleet of new vehicles will be built in england and wales in a bid to reduce costs .
iain duncan smith has said he is `` absolutely committed '' to the government 's plans to reform the benefits of eu migrants .
former bhs boss sir philip green has urged mps to vote on the future of bhs 's pension scheme .
the merger of enlarged , france , interest , france , certainly , certainly , france , france , france , france and merger .
two british athletes have died after collapsing during a training exercise at the united states international training centre .
new york city 's new york city 's new york city has been mocked by a new york city bill .
the world 's biggest mobile phone service , line , has been sold for $ line -lrb- # line -rrb- for the first time .
two people have died in a car crash in the us state of texas , officials say .
david cameron has said there is `` no support '' for china to discuss the country 's relationship with china .
the number of patients waiting out at a&e departments in scotland has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead in the tour de france with a rafal victory in the first stage of the tour de france .
chile 's civil aviation authority -lrb- stoppage -rrb- has cancelled a strike in the capital , santiago , after a strike by the government .
security firm g4s has reported a sharp rise in sales for the first quarter of the year .
spain 's seconds 21-year-old won olympic gold in the men 's seconds kg freestyle in rio .
the number of elderly people in scotland has risen for the first time since records began , according to new figures .
this is the story of the world 's biggest science fiction prize .
the chicago cubs were one of the most famous characters in the history of the baseball world series .
one of the world 's biggest technology firms , that , has reported a pre-tax profit of # employs for the first three months of the year .
india 's lower house of parliament has passed a law allowing rapists to be convicted of rape .
a hoard of gold jewellery found in a field in norfolk has been uncovered by archaeologists .
liverpool have completed the signing of liverpool striker raheem sterling for an undisclosed fee .
wales coach warren gatland says he was `` proud '' to be included in wales ' six nations match against australia in cardiff on saturday .
the culture secretary , john whittingdale , has announced he is to step down as chairman of the culture secretary .
a team of scientists from around the world have been taking pictures of the melting sea in the arctic ocean .
england prop mako vunipola has been ruled out of the rest of the six nations with a knee injury .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was allegedly assaulted in a town centre .
british gymnast louis smith has been suspended from the british gymnastics championships after being found guilty of diving .
uruguay 's luis suarez has been given a one-match ban for biting uruguay 's giorgio chiellini .
a us dentist who shot dead a lion in zimbabwe has appeared in court in zimbabwe for the first time .
a woman in the us state of utah has been accused of fabricating a woman 's face in a row over a woman 's face .
a man has been arrested in syria in connection with the so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
yeovil town ladies have signed midfielder angharad heatherson from yeovil town ladies for an undisclosed fee .
a 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in south london .
ulster prop stuart mccloskey has signed a new three-year contract with the premiership club .
the family of a woman who was left with a stroke while waiting for a week have said they are `` overwhelmed '' by the response .
tributes have been paid to a man who died after being found unconscious at a beauty spot in gwynedd .
in the wake of the uk 's vote to leave the eu , bbc news looks at the results of the eu referendum debate .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo considers iraq 's political crisis .
a new exhibition has been launched to mark the 100th anniversary of the 2012 paralympic games .
afc wimbledon striker jobi mcanuff has signed a new contract with the championship club .
the welsh government is expected to announce a budget budget for the first time since the financial crisis .
the founder of sports direct , mike ashley , has been told he will not be allowed to attend a meeting in the house of commons .
former home secretary lord alderdice has said the house of lords should not be allowed to allow the border between northern ireland and the republic of ireland .
farmers in england and wales are to be given the chance to keep their homes off the river thames .
the atlantic ocean has been battered by a storm in the south of the country .
more than 100 people have signed a petition calling for the closure of a beach on the beach in east sussex .
archaeologists in egypt have unearthed a hoard of ancient gold coins found in a shipwreck in the mediterranean sea .
wasps director of rugby dai young says he is keen to make his england debut in the autumn tests .
the green party has announced plans to introduce a tax on sanitary products in the uk .
scientists have developed a 3d-printed 3d 3d 3d 3d 3d 3d 3d 3d 3d 3d printer .
a group of teenagers have been sexually abused by a group of youths in liverpool .
a us man has been charged with plotting to carry out a terror attack in the us .
south africa 's president jacob zuma has announced a wave of student protests in south africa .
an investigation has been launched into the search for a man who has gone missing in the highlands .
thousands of people have taken part in a festival in dorset to mark the 70th anniversary of the event .
jockey won the jockey cup for the second time in four years after a lengths victory at sandown .
volkswagen has announced that it will cut its emissions tests for the first time in more than two years .
south africa 's most popular tourist destination , south africa , is one of africa 's most popular tourist attractions .
bayern munich reached the last 16 of the champions league with a comfortable victory over porto at the nou camp .
a man has been jailed for life for murdering a man who was found dead in a street in sussex .
the new manager of scottish premiership club inverness caledonian thistle has said a new stadium will be demolished by the end of the year .
derry 's hopes of avoiding relegation from division two were ended as they were beaten by galway at the sse arena .
the number of people living in northern ireland in the republic of ireland has more than doubled in the last century , according to a new study .
bolton wanderers midfielder ben howard has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
a man accused of plotting to kill a police officer in north wales has pleaded not guilty .
star wars actress promoter minnelli has pulled out of a concert in london because of a lack of support .
a man in the us state of vermont has been shot dead by a gunman in the capital , kuala lumpur .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced it will not host the 2017 africa cup of nations .
somerset have signed new zealand fast bowler james anderson for the remainder of the season .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the african leaders of the african union .
a man has been jailed for 10 years for sending more than 3,000 indecent images of children .
beavers living in the highlands have been given protected status by the scottish government .
hundreds of people have protested in paris to protest against the migrant crisis in the french capital , paris .
a film starring tom hanks is to be set up in the uk for the first time in more than 50 years .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers whether the continent could be the best in africa .
tributes have been paid to a british indycar driver who died in a car crash in the us .
former commonwealth games champion josh taylor has announced his retirement from boxing .
england head coach lee johnson has praised australia 's batting qualities after the third test against australia at lord 's .
the london 2012 olympics was the most popular event in the uk , according to a new report .
ricky burns became the first british boxer to win a commonwealth title with victory at the world boxing championships in glasgow .
a # 1bn contract to build a new railway line between birmingham and london has been announced .
fifa president gianni infantino has backed a proposal to host the 2026 world cup in 2022 .
hampshire batsman michael carberry has been diagnosed with a cancerous tumour .
a chinese man has been arrested in china for the first time in more than two years .
teachers in england and wales are being urged to help tackle a shortage of female genital mutilation -lrb- fgm -rrb- .
scientists in taiwan say they have discovered the first known footage of a spider 's spider .
a campaign has been launched to celebrate the death of a british war veteran who was shot dead in a london war .
the us space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- says it has developed a new space laboratory in the space laboratory .
the number of young people killed in the uk has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to a new report .
a man has been found guilty of murdering his neighbour in a `` brutal and brutal '' attack .
semesa rokoduguni scored a hat-trick as bath came from behind to beat bath in the premiership .
a flood-hit tourist attraction in cumbria has been closed for the first time in more than two years .
the us space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- has released a new map of the dwarf planet ceres .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo considers the country 's first health minister .
budweiser brewer ab inbev has agreed to sell its rival rival anheuser-busch inbev to rival rival anheuser-busch inbev .
the family of a missing raf serviceman have appealed for help to find his body .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a fire at a house in edinburgh .
pembrokeshire council 's council has called for a review of bin bin collections in pembrokeshire .
the un security council has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the future of syria 's civil war .
if you want to think about the future of tuition fees for the first time this year , students from the university of cambridge are being asked about the future of tuition fees .
ospreys missed out on a place in the european champions cup quarter-finals with a bonus-point win over treviso .
hamilton academical came from behind to beat st johnstone and move up to fourth in the scottish premiership .
tui group tui has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the impact of the deadly attack on the greek island of lesbos .
a camera camera has been caught speeding on the m4 in greater manchester .
the first minister has said he will not stand in the eu referendum on a new deal with the welsh government .
a fraudster has been jailed for two years for fraud and fraud offences .
dorus de vries says he has no problem with craig de vries after his first goal in charge of dorus de vries .
it 's been a year since a woman was bitten by a dog in oxford .
the uk 's manufacturing sector has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to a survey .
donald trump 's announcement that the us will be the next president of the united states has come to an end .
atletico madrid came from behind to beat nine-man atletico madrid and move top of la liga .
the scottish bank has announced new plastic plastic banknotes , which will see the new plastic # 5 note .
the northern ireland economy grew by 0.8 % in the first three months of the year , according to the latest official figures .
scientists say they have developed a new way to tackle the spread of drugs and drugs .
cannabis , cannabis , cannabis , drugs , cannabis , cannabis , drugs , cannabis , drugs , drugs , cannabis , drugs , drugs , drugs , cannabis , drugs , drugs , cannabis , drugs , drugs , cannabis , drugs , cannabis , drugs , drugs , cannabis , drugs , cannabis , drugs , drugs , drugs , drugs , drugs , cannabis , drugs , cannabis , cannabis , cannabis , cannabis ?
defence secretary michael fallon has launched a series of air strikes against islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the city of mosul .
leicester tigers centre richard benjamin will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
the government has been accused of failing to pay a # charge fine to pay for the cost of so-called legal highs in england and wales .
aston villa defender eric black has said he is `` disappointed '' by the club 's decision to leave the premier league club .
in the past few days , india 's football association -lrb- das -rrb- is one of the world 's most powerful football teams , but the country 's football association is looking to develop a new generation of football .
a man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a man was attacked in edinburgh .
the london philharmonic orchestra -lrb- orchestra -rrb- has announced it is to close its doors for the next two years .
police are investigating the death of a man who was found dead at a house in dublin .
adele has been named the world 's best artist of the year award for the second year in a row .
a painting of adolf hitler by adolf hitler has sold at auction for # painting .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a boat in gwynedd .
so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- has been destroyed by so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- in mosul , the bbc has learned .
for the first time , the american tennis association -lrb- zoe -rrb- is looking into a new approach to mental health .
staff at a swansea university have been told to leave their staff after a row over bullying .
the founder of john chapman 's children 's school , john chapman , has said he is struggling to buy a new school in canada .
tom james scored the only goal of the game as coventry beat coventry at the ricoh arena .
manchester city moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with victory over east stirlingshire .
chelsea midfielder antonio pedro has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
mae ' r prif weinidog cymru wedi dweud bod dywedodd gallai gallai gallai adroddiad adroddiad ar gyfer adroddiad ar gyfer yr undeb ewropeaidd .
a australian woman who was seriously injured in a car operation in bangladesh has undergone surgery to remove her daughter 's leg .
belize , the united states and the united states , is one of the wealthiest countries in the united states .
celtic manager ronny deila says his side are `` desperate '' to avoid relegation from the scottish premiership .
japan is one of japan 's most memorable sporting superstars .
a hospital trust has been placed in special measures after being placed in special measures by the health watchdog .
manchester united midfielder michael van persie has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a serious leg injury .
star wars star craig craig wars has sold at auction for $ stevens -lrb- # fett -rrb- .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in south-east london .
a health trust at the centre of a row over patient safety has been rated `` inadequate '' by the health watchdog .
england women will face england in the women 's six nations opener against england at twickenham on saturday .
league two side portsmouth have signed defender paul foster on a two-year deal following his release by league two club portsmouth .
prime minister david cameron is to set up a new military base in south sudan as part of efforts to boost the country 's civil war .
london underground station was evacuated after a fire broke out at a tube station .
a controlled explosion has been found in south yorkshire .
britain 's six-time paralympic champion david weir has retired from the sport .
a zoo in leicestershire has been criticised for making a video on social media .
more needs to be done to improve education in wales , according to the welsh government .
a new model of the world 's most powerful attempt has been unveiled in the uk .
the afghan taliban have named the new leader of the afghan taliban , mullah akhtar mansour , as the new leader of the afghan taliban .
mark allen has been appointed as the new manager of manchester city .
the final episode of this year 's strictly come dancing has been launched .
the welsh cycling association -lrb- announcement -rrb- has announced plans to build a new cycling cycling track in blaenau gwent .
the number of deaths on roads in scotland has risen for the first time in five years , according to new figures .
one of the oldest examples of the 20th century has been put up for sale .
manchester city manager roberto mancini says carlos tevez could be able to return to the premier league .
the scottish government 's chief constable has called for an independent review of the way scotland 's universities are governed .
chinese fashion giant lego has announced that it is shutting down its products in china .
three teenagers have been charged over a spate of fireworks incidents at a fireworks factory in torfaen .
a man who broke into a pub in worcestershire has been described as `` bottles '' by a police officer .
the bbc 's new radio show will be broadcast live on bbc radio 4 's desert show this weekend .
league one side bolton wanderers have signed midfielder bolton wanderers on a free transfer .
one of the most devastating trees in the world has been described as `` devastating '' by scientists .
a fire has broken out at a recycling centre in the scottish borders .
one of the world 's most famous filmed has been filmed on camera at a zoo in berkshire .
a man has died after being hit by a car in kent .
glasgow made it two wins from two in the pro12 with a bonus-point win over leinster at scotstoun .
welsh labour leader nia griffith has called for the welsh government to be `` tell '' in wales .
hull kr prop ryan mason has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
former italian film composer morricone morricone has said he was `` surprised '' by his performance at the venice film festival .
south sudan 's rebel leader riek machar has told the bbc he will return to south sudan this year .
oxfordshire county council has rejected a plan to cut council tax in a bid to cut council tax .
the family of a six-year-old boy who died after being hit by a car have paid tribute to him .
thousands of people have taken part in a ceremony in coventry to mark the 70th anniversary of the paris attacks .
a package of evidence has been made to the uk anti-doping agency to investigate allegations of wrongdoing in sport .
it 's been a year since flight mh17 , the world 's longest aircraft crash .
two police officers who were involved in a `` racist '' assault in west london have been jailed .
a man has been charged with the murder of a british backpacker who was stabbed to death in a hostel .
more than # 500,000 has been spent on the contracts of a county tyrone football club which went into administration last year .
pope francis has given birth to a six-year-old boy who has died at the age of 85 .
india 's prime minister narendra modi will be the first indian prime minister to visit india for the first time .
residents of the chilean town of chile have been evacuated from a volcano in chile , officials say .
a man has died after being attacked by a shark in australia .
you 've been using your questions to tell us what you have always wondered about the east midlands .
at a shopping centre in the eastern german city of shops , in the eastern german city of shops , in the german city of frankfurt .
vodafone has said it is `` deeply concerned '' about the uk 's decision to leave the european union .
the government has pledged # area m to help first-time housing in england and wales .
a butcher has been stolen from a shop in powys after being stolen from a butcher 's christmas pool .
humberside police has announced plans to cut the number of dogs and dogs in south yorkshire .
for the first time since the end of the year , austria 's far-right opposition party , norbert hofer , is one of the most powerful political events in europe .
former hull kr and hull kr prop 35-year-old 35-year-old has died at the age of 92 .
sir bradley wiggins has been banned for two years after testing positive for a banned steroid .
for the first time in more than a decade , the british boxing association -lrb- ufc -rrb- is one of the most famous buildings in the world .
the number of social workers in england 's social workers has fallen by more than 50 % in the past year , official figures show .
a number of beds have been found at a shellfish farm in devon , the environment agency has said .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a car in south london have called for `` justice and accountability '' .
north and new zealand wing george north says the british and irish lions need to be `` kick '' in the first test against new zealand .
in the past few days , syria 's defence minister , joseph kabila , has called for more support for the country 's president bashar al-assad .
a poster poster featuring a `` fat '' poster poster has been criticised by a charity .
police in italy have arrested 34 people in connection with an investigation into corruption in italy 's capital , italy .
a # 1m grant has been set up to help restore hampshire 's restoration castle in hampshire .
more than 1,000 people have attended a debate on the future of nhs care in england .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat-trick as portugal came from behind to beat sweden and reach the europa league semi-finals .
us president-elect donald trump has said the us intelligence agencies were responsible for the hacking of hillary clinton during the election campaign .
the dames of malta is one of the world 's most powerful knights .
the world cup gets under way in italy on sunday , as the world cup comes to a close .
police searching for missing airman corrie mckeague have said they are `` desperate '' to find a missing airman .
highland council has been accused by highland council of being `` benefit '' over the use of computer technology .
it 's been a busy year for benedict cumberbatch .
police have released cctv footage showing the gunman who killed a cafe in sydney 's cafe .
a us man has been sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a us man in the us state of arizona .
a head teacher has criticised the government over cuts to school funding in a bid to cut school funding .
the royal college of college -lrb- wilkes -rrb- has announced plans to cut more than 1,000 students at a cambridge college .
churcher churcher , one of australia 's best-known art stars , has died at the age of 95 .
prime minister theresa may has said she is `` very happy '' for her christmas day as she prepares for her christmas day .
a man has died after his car was involved in a collision with a lorry in aberdeenshire .
the number of people living in the australian state of sydney has risen to its lowest level since records began .
more than 100 jobs are under threat at aberdeen 's oil and gas sector .
plans to increase the number of council tax in surrey have been rejected by the government .
manchester city manager pep guardiola says he will be `` proud '' to win the premier league title this season .
york city have signed midfielder kamdjo kamdjo on a two-year deal following his release by forest green rovers .
the royal welsh regiment is to attend the royal welsh regiment for the first time in its history .
more than half of england 's secondary schools in england will be able to move to school in england , according to a new study .
former fifa president ginola ginola has urged the football association to support the football association 's bid to become the next president of fifa .
former welsh labour leader huw irranca-davies has said the party is `` the biggest party in wales '' .
the head of the us presidential race , robert lewandowski , has been charged with perjury over the murder of a us presidential candidate .
plans for a new university campus in west sussex have been approved by the county council .
a dog is being investigated by police after a dog was bitten by a dog in skegness .
liverpool manager jurgen klopp says he is `` confident '' wales midfielder joe allen will remain at the club next season .
a former southend united player has been banned from football for three years after pleading guilty to a match-fixing offence .
a man accused of stabbing a man to death with a crossbow has told a jury he was the victim of a crossbow attack .
india 's prime minister has said the father of murdered schoolgirl 23 consent is a `` new law '' .
the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- has announced its first satellite satellite .
david chapman has signed a contract extension to keep him at the club until 2019 .
european leaders have been reacting to the result of the eu referendum on the uk 's membership of the european union .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has confirmed that the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- has announced that it will not compete at the africa cup of nations .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in greater manchester .
the chief executive of hospitals in wales has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of emergency surgery in wales .
a man accused of causing the death of a six-year-old girl in a car crash has been jailed for six years .
the uk 's manufacturing sector grew at its fastest pace for three years in april , according to a closely-watched survey .
a man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in a london park .
in our series of letters from african journalists , film-maker and columnist farai sevenzo considers whether the cost of ticket prices in the premier league has risen .
one of the world 's most endangered animals has been born at a zoo in south africa .
two men have been rescued from a sinking ship off the coast of cornwall .
leicester city boss claudio ranieri says he is `` desperate '' for his side 's shock defeat by leicester at the end of the season .
the green party and the green party have said they are `` absolutely committed '' to the uk 's brexit negotiations .
ryan ryan , who has died at the age of 16 , was one of scotland 's most wanted drug dealers .
house prices in the uk are continuing to fall , according to the latest official figures .
mazda , the world 's biggest car manufacturer , has announced it is introducing a new engine engine engine .
a human skull has been found in the back of a lorry in shropshire .
australia 's greyhound greyhound greyhound greyhound has been found dead in the australian state of queensland .
golf clubs in golf could be more likely to develop golf courses , according to a new study .
northampton town football club has agreed a deal to buy northampton town football club .
a report into the closure of dumfries and galloway council has found it was a `` significant milestone '' .
more than half of schools in england and wales have been suspended from schools in england and wales , the bbc has learned .
house prices in the uk fell by 0.3 % in the year to june , according to official figures .
a soldier accused of taking part in an sas selection exercise has told a court he did not believe the soldier was `` not fit for purpose '' .
vietnam is marking the 70th anniversary of the battle of war war in vietnam .
mark stoneman and mark stoneman hit centuries as county championship leaders durham took control against durham at chester-le-street .
work has begun on a # 1m revamp of a county durham farm .
dover moved into the national league play-off places with a comfortable victory over relegation-threatened guiseley .
uganda 's main opposition leader kizza besigye has been sworn in as the new president of uganda .
the founder of a glen castle in glen , glen johnson , has announced he is stepping down from the heritage lottery fund .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found at a house in edinburgh .
russian prime minister dmitry medvedev has said the cold war between russia and the us could be a `` threat to war '' .
police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in greater manchester have released a cctv image of a suspect they want to trace .
police are investigating a spate of hate crimes at a bonfire in northern ireland .
supermarket chain morrisons has reported a rise in profits for the six months to the end of june .
the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- president , issa hayatou , has resigned from the confederation of african football -lrb- caf -rrb- .
teachers in northern ireland have rejected a pay offer for the introduction of a pay offer by the education minister .
education secretary michael gove has called for the release of prison prisoners in england and wales .
the pirate bay tidal power site has been hacked , the bbc has learned .
roald dahl is one of roald dahl 's most important books , according to new research .
a new species of bird species has been found in hong kong , according to a new study .
the number of nurses working in scotland is continuing to fall , according to the royal college of nursing -lrb- rcn -rrb- .
a police officer accused of killing a detainee who was restrained by a police officer has told a court he was `` practical '' , a court has heard .
ivan lendl says he has no regrets about returning to the us open because of a lack of confidence .
the former french president , daughter moulin , has died at the age of 93 .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving in north ayrshire .
double olympic champion nicola adams says he is `` not minded '' to compete in the fight against adams adams at london 's o2 arena .
brazil won their first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory over brazil at the maracana stadium in sao paulo .
eight russian athletes have been banned from competing at the rio olympics for failing a drugs test .
ben affleck , who has died at the age of 63 , was a hollywood actor and actor , actor and actor tom hanks , who has died aged 61 .
glamorgan moved to within two points of glamorgan at the top of the one-day cup as they beat gloucestershire by eight wickets in cardiff .
thousands of people have taken part in this year 's london 2012 games .
league one side bolton wanderers have signed former bolton wanderers midfielder ryan jaaskelainen on a two-year deal .
a 16-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a 16-year-old boy in aberdeen .
google has announced it is to launch a smart version of its smart phones .
uk industrial output grew at its fastest pace in three years in march , according to official figures .
the high court has ruled that the police service of northern ireland -lrb- psni -rrb- has lost its appeal against a ruling that the court of appeal was unlawful .
a us rapper has been shot dead in the us state of san diego , police say .
a new study suggests china 's population of living in the south china sea is the most important place in the world .
eating overweight children are less likely to eat overweight , a study suggests .
manchester united moved up to third in the premier league with a hard-fought victory over leicester at etihad stadium .
more than a third of families in england are living in their homes , according to a survey by the charity shelter .
league two side cambridge united have signed birmingham city midfielder michael hector on loan until the end of the season .
former england captain wayne rooney says wayne rooney would be a `` legend '' for wayne rooney as he prepares for the euro 2016 finals .
hampshire made it two wins from two in the one-day cup with a hosts victory over hampshire at lord 's .
tributes have been paid to a british man who died in a plane crash in the republic of ireland .
the labour party has been accused of `` lies '' and `` dangerous '' after a review into the labour party 's handling of the labour party .
the church of england and the church of england and the church of england are to hold a joint partnership with the church of scotland .
scientists at the university of california say they have discovered a new type of plastic findings .
police in indian-administered kashmir have arrested a man in connection with the lynching of a hindu temple in indian-administered kashmir .
more than half of the uk 's universities could leave the european union , according to a study .
the judge in the house of representatives -lrb- pps -rrb- has been dismissed by a judge in the house of commons .
a us woman who was barred from entering the us because of the paris attacks has been barred from entering the us .
the uk government has been accused of hypocrisy over the # 1bn expansion of the uk 's energy industry .
older people in the uk are more likely to suffer income owing to their wealth , according to a new report .
britain 's jonathan trott won the women 's omnium at the british cycling championships with victory in the men 's omnium .
a man has been jailed for three years after he was hit by a stolen car .
the former president of venezuela , nicolas maduro , has been shot dead in the venezuelan capital , caracas .
england one-day captain keaton jennings has been named in the england squad for the one-day series against bangladesh in abu dhabi .
the demolition of a former swansea hotel worker has been delayed because of a lack of money .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found at a house in flintshire .
a polish man has been arrested on suspicion of polish police over racist hate crimes .
at least 13 people have been killed in a suicide bombing in yemen 's capital , sanaa , officials say .
a group of mosques in the us city of san francisco have been shut down after a bomb attack in the us city of san bernardino .
former england international ian gough has been granted permission to wear a ban on wearing public toilets in public places .
plans to build a new car park in bournemouth have been given the go-ahead by the government .
police in northern ireland have arrested a man suspected of sexually abusing a teenage girl .
labour has won the welsh seat of rhondda cynon taf in cardiff .
it was the day of cricket , cricket , cricket , cricket , cricket and cricket .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a bomb explosion in china 's capital , beijing .
cardiff devils ' elite league game against cardiff devils has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
the uk embassy at the centre of libya 's embassy in libya has been temporarily suspended , the foreign office has said .
a man has died after falling from a balcony in nottingham .
a 24-hour strike by london underground workers has been agreed by the rail and transport union -lrb- rmt -rrb- .
a young girl from swansea has been named the youngest player of the year for the first time .
the bbc sports personality of the year has been announced .
jersey reds head coach darren stevens says the club are capable of winning the championship play-offs .
a man who raped a woman in a `` horrific '' attack has been jailed for six years .
sunderland boss sam allardyce says he is not worried about his future as manager of the premier league club .
a man accused of sexually abusing boys at a boys ' home was sexually abused , a court has heard .
the met office has issued a yellow `` be aware '' warning for snow in the republic of ireland .
a 14-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences , police have said .
kai kai , one of the world 's most famous rebel fighters , has told the bbc that he is worried about the crisis in the country .
the number of people with mental health problems in england has increased by more than 50 % in the past five years , the bbc has learned .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of arson after a fire at a house in greater manchester .
apple has been ordered to pay $ 4.6 m -lrb- # 71m -rrb- to settle a patent case against apple .
a committee of nhs highland has been told to explain why nhs highland is to be investigated over the financial crisis in the nhs .
lib dem leader nick clegg has accused david cameron of `` presence '' and `` presence '' as he launched his bid to become prime minister .
britain 's mo farah set a new world record to win gold at the world indoor championships in london .
a man has admitted attacking a woman after she was attacked by a dog .
mae ' r heddlu wedi cadarnhau ei bod hi 'n cael ei ymlaen ar ôl i ' w aelodau .
british number two aljaz bedene says he will continue to play for great britain at next month 's olympic games in rio .
former rangers midfielder ryan stevenson believes the scottish cup final will be a `` massive moment '' .
former labour leader harriet harman has called for the uk to leave the european union .
sir kenneth branagh is to receive the british film institute -lrb- bfi -rrb- awards for the first time .
stoke city have completed the signing of midfielder marko arnautovic from stoke city for an undisclosed fee .
the snp has taken control of the scottish parliament for the first time since the general election .
brazil 's president dilma rousseff has been sworn in as president of the capital , dilma rousseff .
two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked by a gang of men in county londonderry .
ukip leader mark reckless is to take part in the general election , bbc wales understands .
a soldier who died after getting into difficulty in the brecon beacons was a `` male exercise '' , an inquest has heard .
the police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about the legacy of the troubles in northern ireland .
indian businessman vijay mallya , who has been in india for $ mallya -lrb- # debts -rrb- , has filed for bankruptcy in india .
yorkshire have appointed former england head coach paul grayson as their new head coach .
in india , the indian state of goa was one of india 's most iconic accumulation .
dundee united have signed former dundee united midfielder prince wilson on a two-year contract .
taxpayers ' revenue and customs -lrb- hmrc -rrb- will not be able to register online companies , a bbc investigation has found .
at least 20 people have been killed in a car bomb attack in the southern afghan city of ghazni , officials say .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has launched a legal challenge to the irish privacy commissioner 's privacy policy .
a man arrested in iran on charges of spying has been freed from prison , the us state department says .
a pair of bird chicks have hatched at the loch of the lowes nature reserve .
aldershot maintained their unbeaten start to the national league season with a draw at eastleigh .
an investigation has been launched into the conduct of a paper paper at the centre of the belfast telegraph , the bbc has learned .
the family of a man who died after being hit by a car in a road accident have said they are `` devastated '' .
the prince of wales has written to the prince of wales to discuss the case of badger cull .
a man who was found dead at a house in st albans has been named by police .
a celtic fan has appeared in court accused of offensive and offensive behaviour at celtic v celtic park .
thousands of people have taken part in a march to mark the end of the battle of the manchester bombing .
a man has been jailed for life after being convicted of the attempted murder of a woman at her home in west london .
apple has said it is `` dismayed '' that apple and apple have made a legal challenge to the iphone app .
a radar survey is being carried out to examine the mystery of the hidden abbey of abbey abbey abbey abbey .
the number of people taking legal highs in england and wales is at its highest level since records began , a report has said .
a man has been jailed for three years after being found guilty of assaulting a man in plymouth .
a doctor has said he has been `` overwhelmed '' by the number of christmas christmas in the uk .
star trek actor colin takei has said he is `` thrilled '' to be named the star of the new star trek : the force awakens .
justice secretary michael gove has said he will not resign as prime minister after his decision to leave the eu .
two men have been taken to hospital after being hit by a van in devon .
the international space agency -lrb- nasa -rrb- has successfully launched its first mission to mars .
scotland centre huw jones has signed a new two-year contract with the pro12 club .
a report into the handling of a report into the handling of the office in england and wales has been criticised for the first time .
wikileaks founder julian assange says he is `` appalled '' by the uk 's decision to allow wikileaks founder julian assange to be extradited to sweden .
hampshire captain alastair cook made his first county championship century of the season against hampshire at old trafford .
a prominent academic ilham tohti has been freed from prison in beijing , his lawyer has told the bbc .
sir chris hoy has been voted the bbc sports personality of the year .
the uk is heading to the uk for the first time this weekend .
a tropical storm is heading to the us for the first time in more than two years .
portsmouth midfielder whatmough whatmough has signed a new two-year contract with the league two club .
the world 's biggest online retailer , special , is being targeted by hackers .
two teenage boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in west london .
britain 's kell brook will defend his wba world welterweight title against errol spence in sheffield on saturday .
a former police officer who was convicted of murdering her husband has been found guilty of murder .
scientists say they have developed a new way to diagnose people with cystic fibrosis .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a competition in the indian capital , delhi .
the scottish government has said it is `` very concerned '' about the future of glasgow city centre .
kenny miller says his aberdeen side can not be distracted by last season 's scottish cup final against aberdeen .
the scottish government has announced plans for a new system for nurses and midwives in scotland .
former england head coach stuart lancaster has been appointed as the new head coach of the national football association .
great britain 's lauren lionhearts produced a stunning display to win the inaugural women 's world series of the season in california .
a former employee of the royal bank of scotland has called on the uk government to introduce a new pension tax bill .
a 24-hour strike by southern rail conductors has been suspended , the rmt union has said .
syrian refugees have arrived in germany for the first time since the syrian refugee crisis .
the parents of a man who died after being hit by a car have said they are `` devastated '' by the decision by the ministry of justice .
archaeologists say they have discovered the remains of a medieval monument in the medieval monument of the medieval monument .
a fire has broken out at a house in weir , county antrim , after a fire broke out at a house .
thousands of ceramic poppies are to go on display at an exhibition marking the centenary of the battle of the somme .
haiti 's president philippe aristide has been arrested on suspicion of corruption , his lawyer says .
the uk 's exit from the european union could be at risk if the uk leaves the european union , according to the head of the european union .
the uk 's first commercial broadband broadband service is being launched in the uk .
plans for new homes for new homes in york have been approved by the city council .
mid-july mid-july , one of turkey 's most prestigious state schools , is one of the most powerful countries in the country 's history .
on-loan newcastle united striker tom cleverley says he has no regrets about signing a new contract at the club .
it 's a general election coming up on 8 june , when adults will vote to decide who will run the uk .
a new # 48.5 m campus in inverness has been given the go-ahead by highland council .
the number of petrol fuel prices rose by 1 % in the year to june , according to the rac .
romania 's fed cup captain ilie nastase has been banned for two matches by the international tennis federation -lrb- itf -rrb- .
a new # 2m garden in pembrokeshire has been officially opened to the public .
a woman who was left with a brain tumour after being diagnosed with terminal cancer has said she has been `` overwhelmed '' by the response .
chinese tech giant baidu has announced plans to create a new generation of its self-driving cars .
ap mccoy has become the first jockey to win a gold medal at the cheltenham festival .
it 's one of shakespeare 's most famous playwrights .
a new law to legalise abortion in england and wales has been rejected by the government .
the number of women working in the uk is at its lowest level since 2008 , according to a new study .
a conservation group says it is `` very concerned '' about the future of lynx in scotland .
the author of jk rowling has said she has been `` shocked '' by comments she made about twitter about the scottish independence referendum .
a volcano in iceland has erupted on the greek island of iceland , spewing ash -lrb- iceland -rrb- .
the government has been defeated in the house of commons over proposed changes to the house of commons .
the president of venezuela 's capital , caracas , has been shot dead in the capital , caracas .
it 's been a busy year for the us republican presidential nomination .
royal mail has reported a drop in profits for the three months to the end of june , compared with the same period last year .
a teenager has been jailed for five years for selling more than # 300,000 from a 14-year-old girl in tanzania .
russian opposition activists have been barred from voting in the russian capital , moscow , to protest against a boycott of opposition activists .
mexican police are searching for 43 students who were killed in mexico 's guerrero state where 43 students were murdered .
police in england and wales say they are investigating allegations of sexual abuse in football .
more than 100 homes in the uk have been told to boil their tap water after a burst water burst .
if you 're looking for a new hotel in a hotel room , you might expect to know why you are on the verge of a new hotel .
police in the us state of texas say they have found two people who were found inside a house in the city of texas .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in teesside .
archaeologists say they have found a `` complete '' discovery of a prehistoric jacques in stonehenge .
the leader of the far-right national front -lrb- fn -rrb- , ms analysts , has announced she will not stand in june 's general election .
a car bomb has exploded in the mexican city of calderon , killing at least 13 people and injuring dozens more , officials say .
emma emma has been appointed as the new women 's commissioner for women .
double olympic champion nicola adams beat american fight salazar in the first round of the qatar open .
plans for a # 100m shopping centre in torfaen have been approved by councillors .
ross county captain andrew davies has signed a new two-year contract with the premiership club .
a war memorial has been held in lincoln to mark the 70th anniversary of vj day .
a coroner has called for an inquest into the death of a teenage boy in west belfast .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman 's body was found in conwy county .
plans to close a ceredigion bus and bus service in ceredigion have been approved by ceredigion council .
the licensing system for the licensing of licensing in england and wales has been criticised by a lords committee .
teachers are being `` exploited '' by teaching assistants in england , according to the head teachers ' union ascl .
brain activity in the brain may help boost the brain impact of brain activity , a study suggests .
a man has been arrested in birmingham on suspicion of syria-related terrorism offences .
plans to expand a wind farm on the isle of wight have been approved by the government .
a primary school in west sussex has been destroyed by fire .
brazilian striker carlos tevez has agreed a deal to sign argentine striker carlos tevez for an undisclosed fee .
scottish conservative msp jack ross has resigned from his post as a councillor at the scottish parliament .
more than a third of people in the uk are obese , according to a new study .
scientists say they have found a way to increase the number of fish in the uk , according to a study .
it 's a new year for drivers in the new year .
a man has been sentenced to life in prison for killing his wife in the us state of ohio .
tributes have been paid to david bowie , the father of david bowie , who has died at the age of 72 .
football association chairman greg clarke has been appointed as the new chairman of the football association .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why the country 's most populous country is the most important country in the country 's history .
the prime minister has called on the prime minister to explain the publication of the publication of the prime minister 's visit to the country .
a new chief executive has been appointed to the welsh government 's new chief executive .
if you want to know what you want to know about the world cup ?
football fans in england and wales have been charged with violent disorder by the football association for failing to control the europa league .
itv has announced plans to cut up to 1,000 editorial jobs in a row over pay and conditions .
the government has defended its plans to cut the benefits of disabled people in the house of lords .
leicester tigers have signed leicester tigers winger ellis genge on loan until the end of the season .
singapore 's prime minister has called for an end to the social media site after a series of attacks on social media .
a body has been recovered from the river nith in dumfries and galloway .
portugal moved into the semi-finals of the european championship with a comfortable victory over portugal at the confederations cup .
bbc sport 's football expert mark lawrenson is pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season .
the high court has ruled that the government 's decision to pay damages for a # drd m -lrb- # drd m -rrb- contract has been rejected by the high court .
there has been a sharp rise in the number of teacher vacancies in scotland .
hundreds of staff at a college at oxford college have been told they will lose their jobs at the end of the year .
paris 's eiffel tower has reopened following the paris attacks , officials have confirmed .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has said he will respond to the state department if he wins the country 's state department .
a group of suspected islamic state militants have been kidnapped in syria , the foreign office says .
plans for a new power station in london have been given the go-ahead by the government .
leeds united have signed poland midfielder 27-year-old klich on a season-long loan deal .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has defended plaid cymru 's call for a referendum on tax in wales .
redruth head coach marek churcher says his side are capable of reaching the top of the table with a 2-0 win at home to plymouth .
a company has been fined # 80,000 after a worker was seriously injured when he was hit by a car .
the new version of the new ghostbusters sequel has been hailed as `` fun '' by critics .
scientists say they have found a way to prevent the spread of invasive bird flu in the us .
the department for education -lrb- dfe -rrb- has been accused of `` overspending '' by the department for education .
shadow foreign secretary emily thornberry has accused labour mps of `` quit '' after the uk voted to leave the european union .
widnes head coach denis betts says his side 's poor start to the super league season was `` embarrassing '' .
britain 's hannah cockroft and hannah cockroft have been named in the great britain team for the world para-athletics championships .
pharmaceutical giant ian hutchinson is creating 50 new jobs in belfast , creating more than 300 jobs .
glasgow warriors centre alex dunbar has signed a new two-year contract with the pro12 club .
league two side yeovil town have signed chelsea defender centre-back centre-back on loan until the end of the season .
west brom boss tony pulis says he will be `` amazed '' by the future of the premier league as he prepares to return to the premier league .
a body has been found in the search for a man who was found dead at a house in derbyshire .
the us food and gas administration -lrb- quota -rrb- has announced that it will cut production of its food production in the us .
prime minister theresa may has accused the prime minister of being `` pledged '' in a row over brexit in the wake of the brexit vote .
exeter city football club has reported a pre-tax profit of # , m for the year to # club m .
a man has been jailed for three years for causing the death of a pensioner by driving dangerously .
a man has been charged with the murder of a man who was shot at his home in dorset .
a prisoner has been charged with murder after a man was found dead at a prison in portsmouth .
league two side leyton orient have signed leyton orient midfielder atangana atangana on a two-year contract .
more than half of the uk 's biggest energy suppliers , edf and energy , have announced plans for a cap on the price of energy .
the bank of england 's monetary policy committee has raised interest rates for the first time since 2008 .
more than # 1m is being offered to fraudsters and businesses to help victims of financial irregularities in the uk .
prime minister theresa may has said the uk will continue to stay in the eu after the uk voted to leave the european union .
one of the uk 's most historic landmarks , the wentworth , has been given grade ii listed status for the first time .
newcastle falcons director of rugby dean richards says his side 's poor start to the season was a `` disaster '' .
police have released images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in glasgow .
the family of murdered boxer alun wyn jones have called for a public inquiry into the death of a man .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with the ftse 100 index closing 28 points lower .
two children have been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in birmingham .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of mr walsh in the republic of ireland .
venezuela 's president nicolas maduro has called for a ban on food in the country .
there 's a general election coming up in the united states this week .
a man who died after a fight with a car in norfolk has been named by police .
the family of a 12-year-old girl who died after a night out in london have said they are `` devastated '' by the death of a mother .
a woman who was stuck in a lorry while trying to get her wedding has been reunited with her wedding .
british number two dan evans has become the first man to win the world rally championship for the second year in a row .
plans for a new owners park in the centre of gloucestershire have been approved by the city council .
hundreds of people were forced to leave their homes after a gas leak at the orkney international airport .
former scottish first minister alex salmond has called for a referendum on scottish independence .
league two side notts county have signed former wigan athletic midfielder 22-year-old chow on a two-year contract .
a driver has been jailed for six years for causing the death of a motorcyclist by dangerous driving .
police in glasgow have said they are `` extremely concerned '' about a spate of violent graves in the city .
the airline king has said it is `` disappointed '' that the airline will be forced to close its licence in the wake of the financial crisis .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with shares in royal mail and the ftse 100 higher .
newcastle united 's chief executive has been ordered to return to the premier league .
crusaders boss stephen baxter is confident his side can avoid relegation from the irish premiership .
michael dunlop set a new absolute lap record at the isle of man tt at the isle of man tt .
nottingham forest midfielder chris mackie has signed a new two-year contract with the championship club .
rugby union 's chief executive ian davies says the rugby football union will be `` very dangerous '' for the rugby world cup .
the first series of the new series of the hit star wars is to be made on tv show netflix .
a man has been charged in connection with a serious assault in paisley .
staff at the university of england are being balloted on strike action in a row over pay and conditions .
us golfer donald trump has pulled out of the us pga championship because of a lack of uptake .
olympic silver medallist david swift has announced his retirement from international sport .
arsenal striker jordan nobbs has signed a new two-year contract with the women 's super league one club .
bbc radio scotland presenter robbie robbie has been inducted into the bbc 's sound of fame .
leigh griffiths says the celtic squad will be the best player in the premier league this season after winning the scottish cup .
tens of thousands of people have been displaced by flooding in the us state of louisiana .
brazil midfielder kaka has been ruled out of the copa america squad for euro 2016 with a knee injury .
pop star bryan boyle has topped the uk album chart for the first time in four years .
the parents of a man killed in a car crash in west yorkshire have paid tribute to him .
a pilot pilot has been named as the first female pilot to become the first female pilots pilot in the world .
turkish police have fired tear gas and tear gas to disperse protesters in istanbul 's capital , ankara .
a woman who admitted pretending to pay # vasco-knight from a woman to pay her husband out of # vasco-knight has been found guilty of fraud .
a man has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh city centre .
a county antrim man has been found guilty of the attempted murder of a man in county armagh in the early hours of sunday .
a blogger who claims he was wrongly accused of stealing # 24,000 in libel fees has lost a legal challenge to the council 's chief executive .
the world health organization -lrb- who -rrb- has called for urgent action to help people affected by the devastating earthquake in nepal .
the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- has agreed to pay # 130m to the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- .
british sailor emma pooley is targeting a gold medal at this year 's rio games in rio .
pop star adele has been shortlisted for the brits critics ' choice award for the first time .
hull city midfielder andrew robertson will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
australia 's biggest oil company , the coleman , has reported a record quarterly profit for the first half of the year .
thailand 's lower house of parliament has passed a bill that would allow president thaksin shinawatra to step down .
plans to build a new # 50m ship in newport have been approved by the welsh government .
great britain 's jack burnell won his first gold medal of the rio olympics with victory in the women 's singles at rio 2016 .
mo farah became the first briton to win four olympic titles by winning the men 's double at the diamond league meeting in london .
british number one johanna konta will play british number one johanna konta in the first round of the british open at eastbourne .
china 's economy grew at its fastest pace in three years in april , according to the latest official figures .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day higher , with mining shares leading the way after the uk 's vote to leave the european union .
pupils at a blackpool school are being asked to take part in a scheme to improve pupils ' education .
the chief minister of the indian state of uttar pradesh has been accused of carrying out a train crash in the capital , delhi .
a man has appeared in court in london charged with terrorism offences .
labour leadership contender yvette cooper has said he is `` very concerned '' about the uk 's trident nuclear weapons system .
scottish energy firm scottish power has launched a new scheme that will allow customers to buy their customers .
the co-operative has said it is `` disappointed '' that the co-op has been given the go-ahead by the co-operative and rbs -lrb- co-op -rrb- .
former west indies captain phil simmons has been named as the new captain of west indies .
the afghan president , ashraf ghani , has told the bbc that his wife and wife of his wife have gone on trial in afghanistan .
arlene foster has been elected as the first minister of northern ireland 's first minister arlene foster .
lord simpson has been elected as the new leader of the welsh labour party .
david cameron has said he will take part in a referendum on eu membership if the uk votes to leave the eu .
planning permission has been approved for a controversial housing project in the highlands .
chesterfield have signed chesterfield striker armand gnanduillet on loan until the end of the season .
england will host the 2017 women 's world twenty20 championship final .
pop star rita spears has become the first celebrity to win a strictly come dancing edition .
network rail is a key part of the future of network rail .
two libyan men have been kidnapped in libya , the foreign ministry has said .
saracens have agreed a deal to sign australia prop porecki sarries on a short-term deal .
jo pavey became the first british woman to win a gold medal at the world para-athletics championships in london .
plaid cymru leader leanne wood has said she would be willing to raise taxes if she wins the general election .
the samsung galaxy note 7 phone has been shut down for the first time in more than two years .
billy billy , the formula 1 driver who lost his car and legs in a car crash , has completed his first formula 1 car .
the nominations for this year 's golden globe awards have been announced in los angeles .
in the wake of the battle of the somme , the bbc 's music 4 looks at how the uk is in the middle of the country .
two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a cyclist in wrexham .
hundreds of people in wales are being asked to take part in a charity to save money for people with mental health problems .
premier league leaders manchester united came from behind to beat league one side cambridge united in the first round of the fa cup .
a photograph of a world war two lens has been captured at a railway station in gwynedd .
nicky ajose scored his first goal for walsall as they beat swindon at the county ground .
the uk construction sector grew faster than previously estimated in the first three months of the year , revised figures show .
a new species of bird species has been discovered in south east asia .
aberystwyth university is to be transformed into a new # 3.5 m college in ceredigion .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of theft after a woman was stolen from a concert in sunderland .
london 's police and crime commissioner -lrb- pcc -rrb- has launched a new online campaign to tackle online hate crime .
a man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a girl at a school in norfolk .
nicole kidman has announced she is to return to the stage at the london evening standard show .
police are investigating a spate of attacks on two cars in newry , county down .
three men have been charged with slavery offences following a series of raids in oxford .
a couple are being asked to take part in a `` the '' garden in oxfordshire .
former apprentice star tom sugar has defended the bbc 's coverage of the apprentice , the bbc 's director general tony sugar has said .
british cyclist david sutton has been named as the new champion of the british cycling association -lrb- scot -rrb- .
a report into the deaths of patients at a residential care unit in gloucestershire has been criticised by a report .
a bronze sculpture found hidden at a museum in scunthorpe has been uncovered at a museum in scunthorpe .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man was hit by a car .
northern ireland 's graeme mcdowell is one shot off the lead after the first round of the birdies championship in south korea .
french justice minister dieudonne dieudonne has been released from prison in paris after being convicted of terrorism offences .
the irish football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- has been reprimanded by the irish football association for failing to implement a suspension from the irish premiership .
the bbc is to launch a new service service in south asia , creating more than 1,000 new jobs .
scientists say they have developed a new way to tackle heart attacks in the heart of heart disease .
a 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting a teenage girl in oxford .
a memorial to the victims of the national memorial arboretum has been unveiled at the national memorial arboretum in staffordshire .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man in peterhead .
britain 's chris and gabby adcock have been named in the great britain squad for the world championships in glasgow .
celtic moved up to second in the scottish premiership with a hard-fought victory over aberdeen at pittodrie .
juventus moved six points clear at the top of serie a with a comfortable win over struggling crotone .
albania 's hopes of qualifying for the 2018 world cup were dented as they were held to a goalless draw by albania .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a diwali festival in leicester .
amazon has announced it is to launch a subscription tv service in the us .
a county durham flag has been returned to the public for the first time in more than 70 years .
a cardiff university has developed a tipple that can make a difference to the kebab .
police investigating the discovery of a body at a house in the republic of ireland have found a body .
police searching for a missing bristol woman have released cctv footage of a man they want to speak to .
jonathan rea secured his place in the world superbike championship season with a thrilling victory over welshman chaz davies .
the house of commons , the house of commons , is gearing up for a commons debate on whether to change the rules of the house of commons .
a protest has been held in a bid to save a memorial park in sheffield which led to the closure of a memorial park .
england were denied a hosts victory over south africa in the first test against south africa at the oval .
the mother of a 15-year-old girl who was allegedly raped by a 14-year-old girl has said she is `` scared '' and `` heartbroken '' .
us president barack obama is to take part in a charity dinner in edinburgh to raise money for charity .
craig gordon 's late penalty gave st johnstone their first premiership win of the season at st andrew 's park .
it 's been a year since the olympic games came to a close .
sinn féin president gerry adams has said he is `` saddened '' by the arrest of sinn féin leader gerry adams in connection with the murder of jean mcconville .
wales wing george north says he is `` desperate '' to be fit for wales ' six nations match against italy on saturday .
an inquest into the death of a woman who died after a caesarean wait for a caesarean birth has been criticised by a coroner .
the jury in the trial of a man accused of carrying out a chemical attack on a manchester street has been found guilty of attempted murder .
warwickshire made it two wins from two in the one-day cup with a hosts victory over warwickshire at edgbaston .
south africa wrapped up a preez win over south africa in the first one-day international in cape town .
it 's been a dismal year for the professional footballers ' association .
at a school in the us state of connecticut , a school in the us state of connecticut was at the bottom of a school in the us state of connecticut .
a man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in birmingham .
nhs bosses in england have agreed a new plan to reduce the cost of the nhs in england .
a man has been charged in connection with a fire at a house in sydney , county down .
formula 1 bosses have rejected a proposal to introduce a new formula 1 title in formula 1 .
olympic gold medallist jason jason has become the first british woman to win a gold medal at rio 2016 .
plans to build a new bridge between oxford and reading have been given the go-ahead .
hundreds of thousands of pension savers could lose their jobs under plans being considered by the company .
a new plant plant in edinburgh is to be transformed into a new sadie plant in edinburgh .
oscar pistorius , the girlfriend of reeva steenkamp , has been found guilty of murdering his girlfriend reeva steenkamp .
the northern ireland peace process will be held in august , the northern ireland secretary has said .
more than 100 staff at a birmingham college have gone on strike in a row over money , the bbc has learned .
police are investigating the disappearance of a man who was reported missing in south wales .
transport for london -lrb- tfl -rrb- has said it is `` extremely concerned '' about traffic congestion in central london .
two years ago , one of the uk 's biggest land rover , the land rover , has unveiled a new land rover .
chris gunter says wales ' euro 2016 qualifier against wales at euro 2016 will be a `` disaster '' .
italian jockey frankie sistercharlie has become the first man to win the royal ascot at royal ascot .
plans for a # 1bn tidal energy farm in south wales have been given the go-ahead by the welsh government .
the chief executive of the northern ireland executive , nine ilex , has resigned .
sir terry wogan has paid tribute to sir terry wogan , who has died at the age of 84 .
the former leader of ukip , nigel farage , has been named as the new leader of the united states .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says he is `` very happy '' about his future as leicester city manager .
a 24-hour strike by train workers at london underground has been agreed by the transport secretary .
newport gwent dragons chief executive jonathan davies says he is `` confident '' newport county will not be involved in the pitch at rodney parade .
a court in egypt has upheld an appeal against a former president of the muslim brotherhood .
a new helicopter base has been launched in the brecon beacons for the first time in more than two years .
pakistan and pakistan have signed a peace deal with pakistani and pakistani forces in the disputed region of kashmir , officials say .
a bus driver has been seriously injured in a collision with a bus in edinburgh .
a man who sexually assaulted two teenage girls has been jailed for two years .
a former labour mp has resigned from the labour party over comments he made about israel 's jewish community .
derbyshire 's hopes of reaching the t20 blast quarter-finals were dented by a shock defeat by derbyshire , says manager gary wilson .
26 income is one of finland 's most important employers .
scotland has been named as the most successful nation in the world for the first time .
in our series of letters from african journalists , filmmaker and columnist farai sevenzo considers egypt 's political crisis .
the duke and duchess of cambridge have been taken to hospital after suffering a heart attack in the queen 's birthday .
liverpool have appointed former liverpool captain steven gerrard as their new manager .
a blind man from gwynedd who has a rare form of lung cancer says he has been `` overwhelmed '' by the condition .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in birmingham .
labour 's sadiq khan has been named as the new leader of the snp .
a new species of geckos has been discovered in northern madagascar .
johnny depp , johnny depp , johnny depp and johnny depp have been released from prison in australia .
the north of the north of england is the `` gateway to the north wales '' , the chief executive of north wales has said .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the uk 's main share index closed lower , with shares in commodity prices falling , according to a closely-watched survey .
everton have announced plans to build a new stadium in liverpool .
partick thistle manager alan archibald has called for the scottish football association -lrb- sfa -rrb- to appoint a new manager .
police are searching for two children who went missing after a night out in west sussex .
a man has appeared in court charged with terrorism offences .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the outskirts of west belfast .
former archbishop of canterbury lord carey has told the bbc he is `` not the best person in the world '' .
arsenal ladies moved into the women 's super league one title with a comfortable win over birmingham .
two people have been killed and two others injured in a head-on collision in california , officials say .
us president donald trump has said the united nations is `` very concerned '' about the future of the united nations .
former x factor judge makers makers has been criticised for comments he made about strictly come dancing .
actor and actor tony valentine has died at the age of 93 , his agent has confirmed .
middlesbrough moved up to third in the championship with a comfortable victory over middlesbrough at molineux .
two people have been arrested in malaysia in connection with an attack on a restaurant in malaysia 's capital , kuala lumpur .
a cyclist has died after being hit by a lorry in south-east london .
the us supreme court has ruled that us president barack obama 's healthcare law law is not to be lifted by the supreme court .
thousands of people have taken part in a visit to newport gwent dragons ' training camp at newport 's principality park .
five-time world champion ronnie o'sullivan says he has no regrets about his career after winning the world championship .
the number of women born with cervical cancer has fallen to its lowest level since records began , according to a new study .
mae ' r ysgol sy 'n gyfrifol am cael llynedd yn cael eu ei ar ôl i ' r llynedd yng nghymru .
the australian women 's super league has been one of the most remarkable and successful seasons of the year .
a concert at kabul 's concert in kabul has led to the cancellation of a concert at a concert in kabul .
atletico madrid forward antoine griezmann will miss the rest of the season with a knee injury .
former world number one tiger woods has pulled out of the us open because of a back injury .
a woman has been rescued after being trapped by a fox in the scottish borders .
the chief executive of cheshire county council has been suspended pending a disciplinary investigation into the conduct of a councillor .
cardiff blues ' pro12 play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by newport gwent dragons at rodney parade .
a man has been removed from a restaurant in a south london restaurant .
a court in australia has ordered the arrest of a former jewish teacher accused of sexually abusing two girls .
environment secretary lord rooker has accused the government of being `` chocolate '' over the impact of flood water in the river thames .
police investigating the disappearance of a man in the republic of ireland have released cctv images of a man they want to trace .
more than # 1m has been raised for the uk 's biggest lottery jackpot .
india 's prime minister manmohan singh has called on the country 's social media users to do more to tackle the death of a young woman .
turkish prime minister yaalon yaalon has said the turkish government is `` very confident '' that the turkish government is in talks with the turkish government .
asian shares were mixed on wednesday as investors worried about the future of the us economy .
the governor of the central bank of india has banned the bank of the central bank of the central bank , basu .
the pakistani government says it has carried out an attack on the pakistani army base in indian-administered kashmir .
scottish middle-distance runner eilish mccolgan says she has been `` overwhelmed '' by the number of female athletes who have broken the world record .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in dublin .
the government has been accused of failing to take over the running of the so-called trojan horse schools in england .
a former councillor has been found guilty of breaching the influence of criminal charges .
police are searching for a man who is believed to have gone missing in inverness .
the head of the scottish government has said he is `` saddened '' by the scottish government 's new chief executive .
the leader of spain 's socialist opposition party , pedro sanchez , has said he will not seek a second term in office next month .
scientists say they have discovered a gene that could be the oldest in the world .
a woman has died after her car was involved in a collision with a car in edinburgh .
nintendo has announced that it is shutting down sales of its games console in the uk .
dyfed-powys police has been rated `` inadequate '' by the police watchdog .
mining giant anglo american , the world 's biggest mining giant , has announced plans to cut up to 1,800 jobs as part of restructuring measures .
a man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was found dead at a house in nottingham .
nato secretary general jens stoltenberg has urged nato and russia to maintain military exercises in the baltic sea .
the rolling stones have confirmed they have parted company with their new album , the band has said .
great britain 's ukraine seonaid won gold in the women 's c1 event at the european gold championships in paris .
ireland reached the semi-finals of the women 's world twenty20 with a afghans win over afghanistan in bangalore .
the irish government is to hold a referendum on the uk 's eu membership if the uk leaves the eu .
two people have been charged with arson after a fire broke out at a recycling centre in oxfordshire .
leicester city manager claudio ranieri says he is `` sad '' to be sacked as manager of the premier league club .
the former chief executive of the us attorney general , greenberg greenberg , has gone on trial in new york on charges of corruption .
scientists say they have found a way to reverse the death of a terminally ill cancer cell .
a church of st petersburg has said it is `` deeply dismayed '' by the death of a russian priest in a church in crimea .
plans to expand grammar schools in kent have been rejected by prime minister david cameron .
a # 1m fund to help fund new homes in falkirk has been given the go-ahead by the scottish government .
a coroner has called for an inquest into the death of a baby boy who died at a hospital in bristol .
dolly parton has become the first person to be born in the uk for the first time .
sir terry wogan is to return to the west end next year , the bbc has announced .
the welsh conservatives will launch a general election on 8 june , plaid cymru has announced .
the former chief executive of olympus , woodford woodford , has pleaded guilty to two counts of bribery .
the government has launched an investigation into the future of the forensic science market in england and wales .
a world war two veteran has been awarded the honour of a world war two veteran who has been awarded france 's highest honour .
one of the world 's most popular infectiously-catchy , infectiously-catchy , has been hit by a video on social media .
activity in the uk 's dominant services sector fell to a new low last month , according to a survey .
england captain alastair cook has praised the team 's `` incredible '' performance in the third test against india .
this year 's bbc sports personality of the year has been announced .
schalke fabian scored a hat-trick as germany came from behind to beat germany and reach the semi-finals of the confederations cup .
olympic gold medallist becky sutton has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury .
austria forward austria alar has been ruled out of austria 's world cup qualifier against serbia in belgrade on saturday .
a hospital trust that was rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors has been rated `` inadequate '' by inspectors .
yahoo has launched a new app that allows users to send a smartphone to the internet .
farmers in the north-east of england have agreed to pay for the cost of dairy milk .
david cameron has defended plans to extend free childcare for free childcare in england and wales .
a man has been jailed for six months for causing the death of a man in a car crash in falkirk .
british tennis star andy murray has said she is `` very pleased '' to be reunited with her husband , kim sears .
newport gwent dragons head coach kingsley jones says he will be interested in signing leigh halfpenny as their new head coach .
a report into the impact of housing and affordable housing in northern ireland has been published by the department of education .
the number of staff working in the uk 's second largest workforce has fallen to its lowest level since 2009 , according to a report .
birmingham city midfielder liam cooper has signed a new one-year contract with the league one club .
the government has said it is `` disappointed '' by the government 's decision to waive the stadium of west ham 's olympic stadium .
conor mcgregor has defended conor mcgregor 's fight with conor mcgregor as he prepares to face floyd mayweather in the first round of the boxing day .
huddersfield town have appointed huddersfield town boss david wagner as their new manager .
the international space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- is launching its first mission to space .
alan shearer is to step down from his role as the new star of the popular tv show , the simpsons has announced .
he , godin , godin , godin , godin , godin , godin , godin .
an inquest into the death of a rugby player who died after an incident at a rugby match has been described as a `` tragic accident '' .
arkansas 's former presidential candidate , mike huckabee , has been sworn in as the new president of the united states .
thousands of sports direct workers have staged a rally in a protest over pay and conditions .
a man has died after being hit by a car in east belfast .
manchester city missed the chance to go top of the women 's super league after a goalless draw with manchester city .
scotland head coach vern cotter hailed his side 's performance as they beat scotland to reach the second round of the scottish cup .
former london mayor boris johnson has announced he is leaving the conservative party after being left out of the race .
the number of child sexual abuse recorded by police in england and wales has risen to its lowest level since records began , new figures show .
more than # 1m has been seized by gwent police in a bid to smuggle more than # 1m worth of cocaine .
protests have been held in south africa 's capital , addis ababa , in clashes between president denis maduro and opposition leader pascal africa .
the chief executive of the northern ireland executive has resigned .
manchester united have completed the signing of manchester united midfielder memphis depay for an undisclosed fee .
championship side bristol city have signed striker callum brownhill on a two-year deal after he was released by preston .
the amount of savings savings in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since 2008 , according to new figures .
st johnstone have signed striker danny swanson from st johnstone for an undisclosed fee .
exeter city maintained their unbeaten start to the league two season with a draw at fellow promotion hopefuls exeter .
fighters from the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group have been killed by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the iraqi city of mosul , officials say .
a minute 's silence has been held in brussels to mark the 25th anniversary of the paris attacks .
a record number of dogs were seized by police in wales last year , according to figures obtained by bbc wales .
the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- is to hold talks with the democratic unionist party -lrb- dup -rrb- .
india captain graeme swann says the one-day series against india will be a `` new chapter '' in cricket .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day slightly higher , with shares in the ftse 100 index lower .
england manager gareth southgate says he will not be able to sign ivory coast striker wilfried bony .
a suspected human foot has been found in a park in bristol , police have said .
a stone stone stone stone stone stone stone has been removed from a road in oxfordshire .
all photographs â © ed gold .
cornish pirates head coach ian davies says he was `` surprised '' by his side 's `` incredible '' display against cornish rivals cornish pirates .
the scottish transport secretary has said he is `` very concerned '' about the closure of the forth road bridge .
firefighters in england and wales are to be balloted for strike action in a row over pensions , the fire brigades union has said .
a new service service is to be held in powys to mark the first anniversary of the birth of the first woman bishop .
one of the biggest scientific research projects in the world , martin foster , has been given a share of $ april -lrb- # search -rrb- in cash .
saudi arabia is one of the world 's most secretive and enigmatic economies .
at least 13 people have been killed in a suicide bomb blast in the somali capital , mogadishu , officials say .
plans for a new # 3m centre in dumfries and galloway have been approved by the scottish government .
india 's prime minister narendra modi has criticised prime minister narendra modi 's comments on social media .
the family of a thai man who went missing after a night out in thailand have said they are `` devastated '' .
warrenpoint town have been relegated from the premiership after being held to a draw by ballinamallard united .
flood warnings have been issued in parts of north and north wales due to flooding in parts of north wales .
plans to redevelop manchester city centre have been approved by the city council .
the stars of south korea 's most famous film , they , have opened a new film festival in south korea .
the oldest church in the uk has been officially opened to the public for the first time .
scotland will play hosts india in the world league semi-finals at the sse arena in london on sunday .
a us soldier has died after being hit by a car in the us .
the nobel prize for chemistry has been named the world 's best teacher of the year .
elon musk , chief executive of tesla , has been killed in a car crash in california .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the death of a woman at a care home in county antrim .
the former prime minister of west bengal has died at the age of 82 , her family has said .
a spelling error has been painted on a stretch of the road after a spelling error .
labour leader jeremy corbyn is to spend # plan in unpaid carers to help elderly carers , carers and carers in the uk .
david haye and david haye have been forced to pull out of the ring at london 's o2 arena on saturday .
more than 100 defibrillators have been made to the ambulance service in bristol .
formula 1 driver sergio perez has signed a new contract with the super league side .
a poster poster has been removed from a university in glasgow after being removed from the internet .
iranian president hassan rouhani has arrived in italy for a meeting with president hassan rouhani .
the former president of the democratic republic of congo , jean-pierre bemba , has been found guilty of rape and attempted murder in the democratic republic of congo .
a seven-year-old boy has been found dead after he was found in the back of a house in japan , japan .
singer barbra streisand has said she is `` thrilled '' to be named as the new star of the singer 's new album .
more than half of scotland 's population are living in the uk , according to a new study .
a syrian woman who was killed in syria has been killed in a car battle in syria , activists say .
detectives investigating the murder of a man in cambridgeshire have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a man .
scientists have developed a new way to tackle cancer .
star wars actor david tennant has said he is `` extremely disappointed '' about his role in the new play at the end of the year .
the uk 's exit from the european union could mean the uk leaving the european union , according to a think tank .
canada is to invest $ 1bn -lrb- # ontario -rrb- to build a new generation of kathleen in canada .
swedish singer kanye west has announced he is planning to open the architecture at the end of the year .
tributes have been paid to a motorcyclist who died in a crash on the isle of man .
surrey batsman steven mullaney hit a century as surrey beat surrey by eight wickets in the one-day cup at the oval .
a child has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in rhondda cynon taff .
a world war two veteran has been awarded an honorary degree from a camp in the isle of man .
the us justice department has agreed to pay $ 10bn -lrb- â # iran m -rrb- to a us firm for $ zte -lrb- # corp -rrb- , the us attorney general says .
pope francis has been sworn in for the first time since he was attacked by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in the northern city of pilgrims .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a football match in hertfordshire .
one of the uk 's most notorious prison inmates has been given a job by the government .
young children in the uk are more likely to have a chance of reading , according to a new study .
-lrb- close -rrb- : us stocks ended the day higher , with the dow jones industrial average to a record high .
us president donald trump has paid a $ 1m -lrb- â # made m -rrb- payment from us president donald trump during a visit to the us .
a canadian man who was kidnapped by islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in the philippines has been kidnapped , canada 's prime minister has said .
a vietnamese man has been suspended after posting a complaint about his name , saying he is `` not a name '' .
ed miliband and ed miliband have clashed over snp leader ed miliband in the wake of the general election campaign .
plans to build a new nuclear power plant in the vale of glamorgan have been approved by the welsh government .
a police force has issued a warning about a police force to stop sending a police officer to a police officer .
commonwealth games gold medallist stephanie inglis has been injured in a motorbike accident in thailand .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in leeds .
nepal 's prime minister has accused the canadian government of negligence over the deaths of two nepali climbers .
the uk government has signed a deal to build a new nuclear power station at hinkley point in somerset .
nottingham forest striker john earnshaw says he was `` surprised '' by the threat of playing for nottingham forest in the championship .
the number of people in england voting in england and wales has fallen to its lowest level since records began .
a coroner has ordered an inquest into the death of a man who was found hanged at a hospital in devon .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in manchester to mark the return of a concert in the city .
a police helicopter pilot who secretly filmed filming a police helicopter in the back of a helicopter has been cleared of misconduct .
us defence minister michelle payne has announced the creation of a new military force to help combat the taliban in afghanistan .
great britain 's rob page won olympic gold in the men 's 10m hurdles at rio 2016 .
the family of a man whose body was found in the chest in greater manchester have called for an investigation into the death of a man .
a man who was attacked by a gang of youths at a house in north belfast has spoken of his horror at the attack .
north ferriby extended their unbeaten start to the national league season with victory at north ferriby .
forest green rovers have signed former forest green rovers midfielder andrew davies on a two-year contract .
19-year-old dublin is one of the most famous people in the world .
munster have been charged by the rugby football union for failing to control concussion during the european champions cup win over munster .
two goals from louis moult helped motherwell to a comfortable win over dundee in the scottish premiership .
one of the largest creatures boar in the world has been put up for sale .
papers in china have reacted with a mixed reaction to china 's disputed territory in the south china sea .
the beach in tunisia is one of the world 's most popular beach destinations , which has been on the beach for 38 years .
the us state department has filed a lawsuit against construction of the keystone xl pipeline in the us state of pennsylvania .
west brom boss tony pulis says the club 's relegation from the premier league is the best in the premier league .
the editor of the daily telegraph , david miller , is being investigated by the independent press watchdog over claims he made racist remarks about gina miller .
health secretary mark foster has announced plans to introduce a new system for the nhs in england .
more than a third of children in scotland are physically punished for punishment , according to a new report .
a british man has been sentenced to five years in prison for the `` malaysia '' attack on a beach in the southern city of malaysian .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at the future of the middle east .
the family of a british man who went missing in pakistan last year have spoken of his shock after he was freed from prison .
a mother accused of murdering her six-year-old daughter has told a jury she was `` too scared '' to kill her daughter .
an inquest into the deaths of a man who died when a van crashed into a van has told an inquest about the wrong moments before the crash .
plans for a new welsh-medium primary school in gwynedd have been rejected by the church of wales .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man died in a crash .
a campaign has been launched to help save the lives of young people in wales .
a new service has been launched to improve the number of women born with cancer in edinburgh .
craig shakespeare has been appointed leicester city manager until the end of the season .
a fundraising campaign has been launched to raise money for a labour mp who died in the grenfell tower fire .
a new exhibition has been held in israel to mark the 70th anniversary of the holocaust .
two police officers have been injured in a collision involving two police officers in south lanarkshire .
republican presidential nominee donald trump has said he will cut the republican nomination for the republican presidential nomination .
perth city council has launched a campaign to boost the number of visitors to the city centre .
indonesia 's president joko widodo has won the first round of elections in indonesia 's presidential election .
former fifa president sepp blatter has said he will not resign as president of the united states .
a judge in the german city of cologne has been charged with the murder and murder of a woman in the capital , bavaria .
police in south africa have arrested a man in connection with the murder of a police officer in south africa .
wigan athletic moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with victory over wigan athletic .
wasps returned to the top of the premiership table with a bonus-point win over bath at the rec .
millwall moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with victory at millwall .
a county antrim man has been remanded in custody after being found guilty of attempted murder after a burglary at his home in belfast .
american lindsey vonn won her first world cup downhill title with a american victory over italy 's yulia vonn .
david cameron has said he is `` very concerned '' about the uk 's relationship with the eu .
former england and yorkshire seam bowler born appleyard has died at the age of 85 .
the new queensferry crossing has been delayed until the end of december , the scottish government has announced .
new aberdeen youth manager chris christie says it would be `` impossible '' to play young boys in the scottish premiership .
in our series of letters from african journalists , novelist and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at some of the highlights of the year .
the number of people applying for university places in england has risen by more than a third in the past five years , according to new figures .
a police officer accused of murdering a police officer has told a court he thought he was going to have sex with him .
us rapper statement statement has died at the age of 86 , his family has confirmed .
former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi is one of italy 's most colourful and controversial politicians .
two people who died in a rollercoaster crash at alton towers have been named .
durham claimed their first championship win of the season with a chris victory over durham at chester-le-street .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in south africa .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani looks at why argentine president cristina fernandez de kirchner will be the next president of the argentine economy .
more than a third of people in england and wales are being warned about the dangers of depression , a bbc investigation has found .
leaving the eu would be a `` game-changer '' for skilled workers to leave the european union , campaigners have said .
the number of babies born in the uk has fallen by more than a third in the past five years , according to new research .
england 's euro 2016 warm-up match against bangladesh has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch .
the family of a woman who died after being restrained by a mental health trust have called for a public inquiry into her death .
britain 's chris froome extended his lead in the tour de france with a champion victory in the final stage of the tour de france .
a giant moon has been unveiled to mark the first anniversary of the moon 's surface .
scientists say they have found a new way to map the mystery of one of the world 's most dangerous natural gas plants .
the authorities in honduras say they have reached a deal aimed at ending the country 's violence in the country .
thousands of people have taken part in a parade in rhondda cynon taff to mark the centenary of the royal welsh regiment .
police have released cctv images of two men they want to trace in connection with a serious assault in edinburgh .
ambulance service ambulance service -lrb- emas -rrb- has seen a sharp increase in the number of ambulance calls , the bbc has learned .
malaysia 's prime minister najib razak has said it is `` very confident '' that a $ 1bn -lrb- # 2.8 bn -rrb- fund to fund prime minister najib razak has been dismissed .
ukraine 's national security agency -lrb- blackout -rrb- has said it was behind a series of attacks on ukraine 's capital , kiev .
the conservative party 's new prime minister , gerry adams , has been named as the new prime minister of the exchequer .
tributes have been paid to ivorian footballer cheick tiote , who has died at the age of 31 .
plans for a new base in the centre of scotland have been submitted to the scottish government .
jockey tim dettori has won the grand national at aintree to win the grand national at aintree .
elderly people in england are being asked to spend # hammond over the next three years , the bbc has learned .
the owner of blackpool fc has been ordered to pay more than # 100,000 to the club 's owner , the club 's owner has said .
for the past few weeks , bbc news ni looks at some of the key issues in the general election campaign .
spain 's roberto martinez won olympic gold in the men 's martinez kg category in rio .
england manager roy hodgson says he is not concerned about his side 's euro 2016 qualifier against russia in lens .
more than 1,000 people have signed a petition to discuss the future of the national eisteddfod in ceredigion .
breastfeeding mothers are more likely to have a baby , according to a new report .
the scottish and scottish governments have said they are `` deeply disappointed '' by the scottish government 's new deal with the scottish government .
top gear host jeremy clarkson has been sacked as the host of the bbc 's top gear , the bbc has announced .
us president donald trump has announced that the us will meet the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group in the middle east .
canada 's top human rights lawyer , helmut oberlander , has been expelled from the country 's top court in canada .
one of the world 's biggest technology firms , beardsley , has been blamed for a hack attack in the us .
cuban president raul castro has announced a new government reforms aimed at curbing the country 's economy .
in our series of letters from african journalists , writer and writer adaobi tricia nwaubani considers the story of the battle against the islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- group .
police officers in wales and wales are to be trained for body-worn cameras as part of a crackdown on policing .
the chairman of the bbc trust , lord patten , has accused the bbc of being `` interest '' by the chairman of the bbc trust .
the head teacher of a birmingham school has been placed in special measures after being found guilty of misconduct .
italian prime minister matteo renzi has said the country 's worst earthquake in the italian capital , rome , has left more than 200,000 people dead .
a man has been charged with murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in hertfordshire .
george cole , who has died at the age of 83 , was one of britain 's best-loved entertainers .
nick clegg has accused the liberal democrats of being `` success '' after the uk leaves the eu .
german chancellor angela merkel has accused german chancellor angela merkel of `` hypocrisy '' by the german government .
two men have been arrested after two men and two men were targeted by a gang of men in edinburgh .
a welsh woman who was diagnosed with leukaemia has said she is `` shocked '' after being diagnosed with leukaemia .
safety concerns have been raised over safety concerns after a worker fell from a platform at a north sea platform .
typhoon haiyan has hit the philippines , killing at least 13 people and injuring dozens more , officials say .
more than a third of voters have voted to leave the european union , campaigners have said .
macedonia 's prime minister justin riot has announced he will step down in june .
former prime minister david cameron has announced his retirement from the house of lords .
a man who went missing in powys has been found safe and well .
a woman in the us state of virginia has told how she was sexually assaulted by a gang in the capital , nairobi .
australia captain chris gayle has apologised for `` place '' comments he made about australian football fans .
the european commission president has said he wants the uk to abandon its plan to limit the number of eu migrants from the eu .
castleford tigers kept their super league title hopes alive by beating castleford tigers at the halliwell jones stadium .
sunderland striker beth mead says she wants to be a top scorer in the women 's super league one side .
shares in hong kong 's biggest share index fell by more than 5 % after the firm reported a fall in sales .
the chief executive of turing pharmaceuticals , martin shkreli , has announced a price price for the first time in more than two years .
a man has been arrested on suspicion of theft after a stolen car was stolen from a shop in north belfast .
universities are the biggest universities in the world , according to a new study .
crystal palace striker crystal palace has signed a new five-year contract with the premier league club .
the duke of edinburgh is to return to the uk later this year , the duke of cambridge has said .
japan 's economy grew at its slowest pace for three years in the first three months of the year .
claim claim , the former head of the european union , has claimed that the eu referendum result in the eu referendum on the eu referendum .
asian shares were mostly higher on wednesday as investors worried about the future of japan 's stock market .
the family of a woman who died in a collision with a car in aberdeenshire have paid tribute to her `` beautiful daughter '' .
britain 's kal yafai won his first european tour title with a hard-fought win over birmingham yafai in birmingham .
tributes have been paid to a british man killed in the tunisia terror attack .
british and irish lions coach warren gatland says he is interested in wales coach warren gatland 's future .
the bfg has topped the uk box office for the second year in a row .
british number two aljaz bedene beat world number one novak djokovic to reach the semi-finals of the madrid open .
the mother of a young syrian boy who was killed by so-called islamic state -lrb- is -rrb- militants in turkey has spoken of their anger .
the government has been accused of failing to meet the government 's proposed cuts to the nhs in england .
the world 's most famous internet star , nikki nikki , has spoken of her frustration in the internet .
raith rovers maintained their seven-point lead at the top of scottish league two with a comfortable victory at home to raith rovers .
england 's first day-night test against west indies at edgbaston is a `` great opportunity '' , says the club 's chief executive .
australia has agreed to export imports of cattle from australia to china in a deal worth $ 25bn -lrb- â # trade -rrb- .
a mental health patient who was left paralysed after being admitted to hospital in suffolk has been discharged from hospital .
serena williams 's first women 's international women 's tennis team won the women 's world cup at the age of 28 .
a teenager has died after falling from a cliff in cornwall .
it was one of the greatest sporting stories in world football .
prime minister david cameron has spoken out for the first time since the death of her husband david cameron .
a powerful earthquake has struck southern china , killing at least 11 people and injuring dozens more , officials say .
a number of cars have been killed in a series of fires in vauxhall , germany .
manchester united have been left out of the efl cup for the first time after suffering a groin injury in their draw against west brom .
the ministry of defence -lrb- mod -rrb- has announced plans for a new army base in germany .
a bbc radio 4 presenter has told bbc radio 4 's today programme that ben cameron 's `` clock '' is a `` task '' .
malaysia 's prime minister najib razak has accused the prime minister of `` hypocrisy '' over a $ 3bn -lrb- # najib ; $ dealings -rrb- donation scam .
the royal navy 's most powerful submarine submarines has been officially opened to the public .
the inquiry into the glasgow bin lorry crash has heard that the glasgow bin lorry crash was not fit for purpose .
saracens prop calum clark has signed a new contract with premiership champions saracens .
jonathan trott hit his first county championship century of the season as they beat warwickshire by five wickets in the one-day cup at edgbaston .
gillingham moved to within a point of the league one play-off places with victory over struggling shrewsbury .
italy 's lindsey vonn won the downhill world cup downhill title with a gut win over italy 's american vonn .
a man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on a ferry in the isle of man .
thousands of people have been left without power in north wales as storm doris sweeps across wales .
bbc scotland editor of the year jo cox has been named the youngest mp of the year .
the united states has topped the list of the most powerful women in the world .
a man has been arrested in syria on suspicion of terrorism offences , police have said .
a man who posed as a 14-year-old girl to blackmail a 14-year-old girl has been jailed for three years .
it has been a year since the end of world war two .
thousands of people have taken part in this year 's big sculptures festival in hong kong .
adebayo akinfenwa scored the only goal of the game as wycombe came from behind to beat exeter city at the wycombe stadium .
newport gwent dragons head coach warren gatland has signed a new dual contract with the welsh rugby union .
doncaster rovers came from behind to beat doncaster rovers and reach the league two play-off places .
graeme mcdowell is one shot off the lead after the opening round of the sweden championship at royal troon .
the number of patients waiting for heart surgery in wales is at its highest level since records began , the royal college of surgeons has warned .
one of the world 's leading technology companies has called for artificial intelligence to be national .
a huge storm has hit the southern indian city of gmt , killing at least two people .
the search for missing malaysia airlines flight mh370 has been found in the java sea , officials say .
barcelona have agreed a deal to sign midfielder paulinho from paris st-germain for an undisclosed fee .
the russian parliament has approved a bill that would allow parents to be prosecuted in the house of commons .
russia 's new president has called for a new law to allow russian citizens to be barred from leaving the country .
former bbc radio ulster presenter gerry anderson has died at the age of 83 .
a collection of paintings has been made in scotland for the first time in more than 100 years .
t in the park festival will be held at this year 's t in the park festival .
drug addicts could be used to treat drug addiction , the first minister has said .
for the first time this year , the uk 's inflation rate is likely to be toxic .
manchester united have announced the signing of former manchester united and manchester united midfielder paul scholes .
northern ireland 's health minister has said it is `` very concerned '' about the number of children missing in northern ireland .
a man has been found guilty of murdering her former partner at her home in sussex .
thousands of people will be in cardiff for the first time since the start of the rugby world cup .
a man has died in a fire at a flat in aberdeenshire .
a texas man has become the first person to win the eurovision song contest for the first time .
actor paul johnson , who has been shot dead in the brecon beacons , is to be given a new film about mental health issues .
the children 's book series is to be adapted for the first time in more than 50 years .
a new virtual reality tour in nottingham has been unveiled by nottingham city council .
the wife of honeymoon man shrien dewani , who was killed in a car crash in south africa , has been cleared of murder .
austin austin , the former austin austin and austin austin , has announced he is leaving the eu .
the us federal reserve 's latest assessment of the us federal reserve has raised interest rates for the first time since 2008 .
the england and wales cricket board -lrb- extends -rrb- has signed a three-year deal with the rugby football union .
at least eight people have died in a fire at a factory in bangladesh 's capital dhaka , officials say .
the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in scotland is to be carried out by the scottish government .
ulster unionist leader mike nesbitt has said he was `` surprised '' by the response to his party 's election victory .
a number of people have been arrested in germany in germany after a number of the victims were reported in germany .
a county tyrone man has been given a suspended jail sentence for driving his driving licence .
a former resident of the haut de foster care inquiry has been accused of sexually assaulting a boy in a care home .
a us toy toy company has died at the age of 98 , us media report .
the chief executive of the jti renewable energy firm , david bell , has said he will not meet the future of the renewable heat plant in northern ireland .
a former president of burundi 's main opposition party , tensions haberisoni , has been shot dead in the capital , bujumbura , police say .
one of the world 's biggest music stars , punk group , has filed for bankruptcy protection in the us .
actors ben affleck and ben affleck are among the nominees for this year 's oscars at the oscars .
motherwell have appointed former rangers boss mark mcghee as their new manager .
a man has been charged with murder after a man was stabbed to death in west london .
raith rovers have signed striker billy barr from raith rovers for an undisclosed fee .
fans of the uk 's biggest online retailer have written to the prime minister calling for a ban on online ticket tickets .
the isle of man has been forced to return to the isle of man after flying from the isle of man from the isle of man .
a man has been killed in a collision between a car and a lorry on the armagh in county armagh .
indian police have launched a criminal investigation into the theft of its customers , the company has said .
iraqi prime minister nouri maliki has been sworn in as the new leader of the iraqi government .
german police have arrested three new year 's eve celebrations in the german city of cologne .
the russian chess team has won the world chess championship for the first time in its history .
venezuela 's supreme court has ordered the country 's president nicolas maduro to step down .
the number of people registered to vote in the eu referendum has fallen to its lowest level since records began , official figures show .
the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- has rejected a decision by the european court of justice -lrb- ecj -rrb- over the uk 's mobile phone market .
the uk 's first minister has said the uk should remain in the european union if the uk leaves the eu .
portugal 's governing ak party -lrb- opposition -rrb- has said it will take a deal with the government over the next two years .
a school in the northern indian state of uttar pradesh has become the first primary school school in india to become a school .
ivory coast midfielder miguel injury has been ruled out of the africa cup of nations in gabon because of a knee injury .
for the first time , bbc sport looks at some of the biggest events in british sport 's history .
plans to build a new school in sheffield have been approved by the city council .
a man has been named as the new chief constable of the western isles .
for the first time , the world 's first drug manufacturer , the world 's biggest drug manufacturer , is taking place in the capital , ouagadougou .
derby county boss martin martin says his side 's 1-0 win over derby county was a `` great lift '' .
one of the uk 's most famous sculpture is to be transformed into a lake in the lake district .
the brazilian city of rio de janeiro is celebrating the 30th anniversary of the redevelopment of rio de janeiro .
jayaram jayalalitha was one of india 's most influential and controversial politicians .
shares in dairy milk have fallen by more than 10 % after the company announced a deal with dairy giant muller .
a man has been jailed for life after being found guilty of murdering his bond partner .
a section of the scottish bypass has been closed for the second time in more than two years .
the uk is to send troops to send troops to somalia to fight against the militant islamist group al-shabab .
the renewable heat incentive -lrb- wood -rrb- in northern ireland is one of the most contentious issues in the history of the apprentice .
colombia 's 32 ibarguen won olympic gold in the women 's 800m at rio 2016 .
the prime minister has been accused of being `` '' '' and `` context '' by mps .
-lrb- close -rrb- : the ftse 100 ended the day little changed , with the ftse 100 index closing , with the ftse 100 index falling .
kim jong-un , the former north korean leader , has died at the age of 83 .
wales ' top goalscorer ian ian has been named welsh football association 's player of the year for the first time .
the british and irish lions , the british and irish lions , is one of the great british bake off the british and irish lions .
chris and gabby adcock won the women 's doubles title at the world indoor bowls championships in london .
burkina faso 's former president thomas sankara has been released from prison in burkina faso , prosecutors say .
the chinese telecoms giant syngenta has agreed to buy a $ 1bn -lrb- # quarter -rrb- deal to buy the world 's largest food company , syngenta .
the irish football association -lrb- ifa -rrb- has said it is `` very concerned '' about the allocation of tickets for euro 2016 .
a man who carried out a machete attack on a supermarket in north wales has been jailed for life .
a man has pleaded guilty to causing the death of a woman who was hit by a car in liverpool .
a us man accused of causing the death of a friend in a car crash in los angeles has filed a lawsuit against the car .
warwickshire captain ian bell is to retire from cricket at the end of the season .
the mother of pakistani schoolgirl malala yousafzai has been awarded the freedom of her home city of birmingham .
two men have been jailed for life for the murder of a chinese restaurant owner in county antrim .
a 14-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of posting abusive messages on social media .
thousands of people have taken part in a slide slide slide in londonderry .
partick thistle moved up to second in the scottish premiership with victory over partick thistle at firhill .
shares in royal bank of scotland have fallen after the bank said it would have to pay a $ 1.1 bn -lrb- â # 4.2 bn -rrb- bailout .
one of the uk 's rarest birds , the birds of prey , has hatched in county durham .
